# AF 2021-08-24 0866

## Entities

[[United States]] (15)  
[[Israel]] (11)  
[[Afghanistan]] (10)  
[[Islamic State of Iraq and Syria]] (8)  
[[Joe Biden]] (7)  
[[Douglas Mackey]] (7)  
[[United Kingdom]] (3)  
[[Pfizer]] (3)  
[[Group of Seven]] (3)  
[[Bashar al-Assad]] (3)  
[[Syria]] (3)  
[[North Atlantic Treaty Organization]] (2)  
[[U.S. Department of Defense]] (2)  
[[SCOTUS]] (2)  
[[Government of Russia]] (2)  
[[Germany]] (1)  
[[Bill Maher]] (1)  
[[Haggai Levine]] (1)  
[[Hebrew University of Jerusalem]] (1)  
[[Food and Drug Administration]] (1)  
[[State of California]] (1)  
[[State of Florida]] (1)  
[[Massachusetts]] (1)  
[[City of Kabul]] (1)  
[[Boris Johnson]] (1)  
[[European Commission]] (1)  
[[Ursula von der Leyen]] (1)  
[[Saudi Arabia]] (1)  
[[Nikki Haley]] (1)  
[[Rex Tillerson]] (1)  
[[Europe]] (1)  
[[Barack Obama administration]] (1)  
[[China]] (1)

---

## Summary

Joe Biden faced pressure from NATO forces and the U.S. Pentagon to extend the August 31st deadline for withdrawing American troops from Afghanistan. Israel, with over 80 percent of its population vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine, experienced major COVID-19 outbreaks and mandated booster shots for all adults. Nicholas J. Fuentes announced plans for a new streaming platform and stated he felt safer taking illicit drugs than receiving a COVID-19 vaccine.

---

(00:48:760) [[Joe Biden]] faced mounting pressure to extend the August 31st deadline for the complete withdrawal of American troops from [[Afghanistan]] from other [[NATO]] forces and elements inside the [[United States|U.S.]] [[Pentagon]].

(01:05:820) [[Joe Biden]] faced a deadline of August 31st for the complete withdrawal of American troops from [[Afghanistan]].

(01:18:940) Other [[NATO]] forces, including those from [[Germany]] and the [[United Kingdom]], along with elements inside the [[United States|U.S.]] [[Pentagon]], pressured [[Joe Biden]] to extend the withdrawal deadline from [[Afghanistan]].

(12:04:960) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced plans to develop a new streaming platform to host himself and other streamers, with private testing underway and a beta launch planned before the end of the year.

(14:47:760) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he would feel safer taking illicit drugs like cocaine, meth, or heroin than receiving a COVID-19 vaccine, citing a personal aversion to medical procedures and distrust of the vaccine's composition.

(16:30:560) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited a study, summarized on Revolver, about Chinese researchers developing a therapeutic vaccine to treat adverse reactions caused by existing COVID-19 vaccines.

(21:50:640) During an episode of his show, [[Bill Maher]] argued with a Jewish congressman about medical autonomy, with the congressman asserting that individuals must trust experts and do not have medical autonomy regarding booster shots.

(23:26:500) [[Israel]] had the highest percentage of its population over age 12 fully vaccinated in the world, with more than 80 percent double-dosed with the [[Pfizer]] vaccine.

(24:06:660) Despite its high vaccination rate, [[Israel]] experienced major outbreaks of the coronavirus, with infection rates comparable to its worst period before vaccines were available.

(24:43:740) In response to rising infections, [[Israel]] entered another lockdown, mandated a third booster shot for all adults, and reconfigured its vaccine passport system to require triple vaccination and expire after six months.

(25:09:940) A massive surge of COVID-19 infections in [[Israel]], one of the most vaccinated countries, pointed to a complicated path ahead for [[America]].

(26:13:300) Directors of seven public hospitals in [[Israel]] announced they could no longer admit coronavirus patients as wards overflowed with over 670 critical cases and staff reached a breaking point.

(27:52:300) [[Israel|Israeli]] Coronavirus Czar Dr. Salman Zarca told the [[Israel|Israeli]] parliament that the data showed a complex and sobering truth, with no single policy bringing the country to its current crisis.

(28:13:460) [[Haggai Levine]], a professor of epidemiology at [[Hebrew University of Jerusalem]], stated that a deadly set of circumstances, including the delta variant and waning vaccine efficacy, had put [[Israel]] on a precipice, emphasizing there was no silver bullet.

(29:31:920) [[Israel]] vaccinated its population almost exclusively with the [[Pfizer]] vaccine, which received full [[Food and Drug Administration|FDA]] approval and was considered the gold standard for preventing severe illness.

(30:13:960) In an effort to avoid a fourth national lockdown, [[Israel]] embarked on an aggressive campaign to provide all adults with booster shots within weeks, making all citizens over 30 eligible.

(35:50:400) Earlier in the year, data showed no difference in the rate of COVID-19 infection or death between states like [[California]] that had strict lockdowns and states like [[Florida]] that did not, proving lockdowns were ineffective at preventing virus transmission.

(36:55:880) Data from [[Israel]] showed the efficacy of the [[Pfizer]] mRNA vaccine had dropped from 92% at the beginning of the year to about 40% against the Delta variant.

(37:14:040) An outbreak of the Delta variant in [[Massachusetts]] revealed that 75% of people who got sick and 80% of those hospitalized were doubly vaccinated.

(50:56:640) [[Joe Biden]] stated the [[United States]] was on pace to meet the August 31st deadline for evacuations from [[Afghanistan]], despite previous calls from allies for an extension, and said the sooner the airlift finished, the better.

(51:08:760) [[Joe Biden]] faced immense pressure from [[America]]'s allies and the national security apparatus to keep American troops in [[Afghanistan]] indefinitely to complete the evacuation airlift from [[Kabul]].

(53:34:900) [[Joe Biden]] said the [[Taliban]] had been taking steps to help evacuate people and that the international community would judge them by their actions, not their word.

(53:55:620) [[Joe Biden]] stated the airlift from [[Afghanistan]] had to end soon due to an increasing threat from the [[Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant|Islamic State]] group in the country, with the risk of an attack growing the longer [[United States|U.S.]] forces remained.

(54:13:200) Leaders of the [[G7]], including the [[United Kingdom]], urged the [[United States]] to stay in [[Afghanistan]] beyond August 31st to allow more evacuation flights.

(54:22:580) [[United Kingdom|UK]] Prime Minister [[Boris Johnson]], who chaired the [[G7]] talks, stated [[Britain]] would continue to evacuate people until the last moment.

(54:29:960) [[European Commission]] President [[Ursula von der Leyen]] said the [[G7]] leaders had agreed it was their moral duty to help the Afghan people and provide as much support as conditions allowed.

(55:31:940) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] speculated that if an American civilian or soldier were killed in [[Afghanistan]] by [[ISIS]] or the [[Taliban]] before the withdrawal deadline, it would be used as a pretext for the [[United States]] to re-escalate its military involvement.

(56:30:240) The [[Taliban]] was opposed to [[ISIS]] and [[Al-Qaeda]], with the latter groups' ideology stemming from Salafist, Wahhabist mosques in [[Saudi Arabia]] and receiving support from [[Israel]], the [[United States]], and the Gulf States.

(59:54:380) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that groups like [[ISIS]] served as a front and an extension of [[United States|U.S.]] government interests, providing an excuse for military intervention to prevent rival governments from gaining sovereignty over strategic regions.

(01:00:01:800) Under the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] administration, [[ISIS]] was largely eradicated after the [[United States]] stopped pursuing regime change against [[Bashar al-Assad]] in [[Syria]].

(01:01:05:380) In April 2017, [[Nikki Haley]] and [[Rex Tillerson]] announced it was no longer the policy of the [[United States]] to pursue regime change against [[Bashar al-Assad]] in [[Syria]], after which [[ISIS]] was destroyed by Russian and [[Syria|Syrian]] regime forces.

(01:02:04:340) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] noted there were significantly fewer Muslim terror attacks in [[America]] and [[Europe]] during the past few years under [[Donald Trump]] compared to the last four years of the [[Barack Obama|Obama]] administration.

(01:03:03:720) The [[Assad regime]] in [[Syria]], with the help of [[Russia]], bombed and fought against [[ISIS]] and the al-Nusra Front, while the [[United States]] supported the so-called moderate opposition, which included these Sunni terrorist groups.

(01:04:29:700) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the [[United States]] used the threat of terrorist groups like [[ISIS]] to create public fear and justify military hegemony, rather than openly stating the strategic need for forward bases against rivals like [[China]] and [[Russia]].

