# AF 2021-06-02 0821

## Entities

[[Caitlyn Jenner]] (6)  
[[Anthony Fauci]] (5)  
[[State of California]] (3)  
[[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] (2)  
[[Alex Jones]] (2)  
[[Fox News]] (2)  
[[Facebook]] (1)  
[[Mark Zuckerberg]] (1)  
[[Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation]] (1)  
[[Bill Gates]] (1)  
[[Robert Barnes]] (1)  
[[Sean Hannity]] (1)  
[[Turning Point USA]] (1)  
[[National Review]] (1)

---

## Summary

Anthony Fauci received a January 2020 email suggesting the COVID-19 virus might have been engineered. Caitlyn Jenner shifted positions on transgender athletes, stating biological boys who transition young should be allowed in girls' sports. Nicholas J. Fuentes announced an interview on InfoWars with Alex Jones, who proposed a rematch debate with Robert Barnes. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation contacted Anthony Fauci with concerns for his safety following a call with Bill Gates.

---

(00:26:48) A Freedom of Information Act request resulted in the release of a large trove of emails from [[Anthony Fauci]] dating back to the early months of the COVID-19 pandemic.

(00:51:26) [[Anthony Fauci]] received an email in January 2020 from the director of a major biomedical research facility suggesting the virus's unusual features might indicate it was engineered.

(00:56:54) In a February 2020 email, [[Anthony Fauci]] stated that typical store-bought masks are not really effective in keeping out the virus due to its small particle size.

(01:00:58) [[Anthony Fauci]] participated in [[Facebook]]'s COVID information hub and fielded an offer about a potential business partnership from [[Mark Zuckerberg]].

(01:01:02) A senior executive from the [[Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation]] contacted [[Anthony Fauci]] soon after a phone call with [[Bill Gates]], expressing serious worry about Fauci's health and safety.

(03:48:92) [[Caitlyn Jenner]] reversed a previous position and stated that transgender athletes should be allowed to compete in girls' sports.

(12:18:64) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced he would be appearing on [[InfoWars]] for an interview with [[Alex Jones]] that Saturday.

(12:34:48) [[Alex Jones]] proposed a rematch debate between [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] and [[Robert Barnes]] on [[InfoWars]], following a previous debate that garnered an estimated two to three million views.

(14:56:42) [[Sean Hannity]] interviewed [[Caitlyn Jenner]] on [[Fox News]], where Jenner discussed running as a Republican candidate for governor of [[California]].

(15:16:12) [[Turning Point USA]] provided financial support to [[Caitlyn Jenner]]'s gubernatorial campaign in [[California]].

(24:49:02) [[National Review]] reported that [[Caitlyn Jenner]], a candidate for governor of [[California]], said biological boys who begin transitioning at a very young age should be allowed to compete in girls' sports.

(25:15:88) [[Caitlyn Jenner]] stated in 2020 that every transgender person should be allowed to compete in sports.

(25:42:96) During an appearance on [[Fox News]], [[Caitlyn Jenner]] shifted positions again, saying biological boys should be able to compete in girls' sports if they began transitioning when very young.

