# AF 2019-08-19 0443

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (34)  
[[Owen Benjamin]] (3)  
[[New York]] (3)  
[[Kanye West]] (2)  
[[Anti-Defamation League]] (2)  
[[United States]] (2)  
[[Gavin McInnes]] (2)  
[[Antifa]] (2)  
[[Donald Trump]] (2)  
[[Twitter]] (1)  
[[Jared Holt]] (1)  
[[Discord]] (1)  
[[Disney Channel]] (1)  
[[Theodore Robert Beale]] (1)  
[[Blaze Media]] (1)  
[[Ilhan Omar]] (1)  
[[Rashida Tlaib]] (1)  
[[AFPAC]] (1)  
[[Samuel J. Hyde]] (1)  
[[Steve Deese]] (1)  
[[Planned Parenthood]] (1)  
[[Google]] (1)  
[[African continent]] (1)  
[[Europe]] (1)  
[[Spain]] (1)  
[[Israel]] (1)  
[[Unknown]] (1)  
[[Enrique Tarrio]] (1)  
[[Alex Jones]] (1)  
[[City of Charlottesville]] (1)  
[[Belvita]] (1)  
[[Richard Spencer]] (1)  
[[McSpencer Group]] (1)  
[[Ben Shapiro]] (1)  
[[Dave Rubin]] (1)  
[[Bill Burr]] (1)  
[[The Joe Rogan Experience]] (1)  
[[Steven Crowder]] (1)  
[[Anthony Scaramucci]] (1)

---

## Summary

Nicholas J. Fuentes confirmed he listens to leaked songs from Kanye West's unreleased "Yandee" album. Fuentes dismissed a conspiracy theory that Representatives Ilhan Omar and Rashida Tlaib are controlled opposition for the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. The Anti-Defamation League lists Nicholas J. Fuentes on its white supremacist list. Fuentes criticized Christian Zionism as a heresy and mocked Gavin McInnes for a segment involving a dildo.

---

(00:28:760) A Jewish man wearing a hammer and sickle shirt screamed "I hate you effing Nickers" at [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] after seeing his America First merchandise, but was subsequently beaten by nearby Democrats.

(00:33:880) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that his show has many black fans, citing a specific African-American supporter who posted on [[Twitter]] wearing an America First shirt.

(00:54:820) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recounted that a woman threatened to call [[Jared Holt]] and report him for being okay with rape because people were making rape jokes in his now-banned [[Discord]] server.

(01:03:640) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] referenced his past as a child actor, imagining an alternate timeline where he introduced himself as "Nicholas J. Flensas from Ant Farm" on the [[Disney Channel]].

(01:42:680) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] confirmed he has been listening to leaked songs from [[Kanye West]]'s unreleased "Yandee" album, citing "The Storm," "Chakra," "Bye Bye Baby," "Alien," and "Hurricane" as his favorites.

(02:26:240) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reported that [[Owen Benjamin]]'s latest stream was titled "Vox Day is using me," reigniting an old feud.

(02:41:640) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Vox Day]] did not take his side when [[Owen Benjamin]] was attacking him and his family, instead choosing to stay out of the conflict.

(02:57:280) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] defended commentator "Slightly Offensive," noting the commentator faced backlash from [[Blaze TV]] and his friends for having [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] on his show.

(03:11:760) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] dismissed a conspiracy theory that Representatives [[Ilhan Omar]] and [[Rashida Tlaib]] are controlled opposition for [[American Israel Public Affairs Committee|AIPAC]], arguing it makes no strategic sense.

(03:35:600) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized a destructive mindset within the movement where figures like [[Owen Benjamin]] are labeled "controlled opposition" for not endorsing theories like a flat earth or a faked moon landing.

(04:19:400) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that unironic "doge memes" with political themes should be punishable by execution, but found ironic versions featuring figures like [[Sam Hyde]] to be funny.

(04:35:460) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] mocked commentator [[Steve Deese]] for calling someone a "beta," questioning Deese's own physical fitness.

(04:52:780) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he does not believe in an ethnostate when asked about white Latinos joining one.

(05:16:660) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] agreed with the statement "I don't trust whites that don't love their race."

(05:36:240) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] commented that he had not seen the news about [[Planned Parenthood]] losing federal funding but said it was good to hear.

(05:54:820) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] mentioned that the [[Anti-Defamation League|ADL]] had been removed as a trusted flagger on [[YouTube]] but still seemed to have power to censor his stream.

(06:10:780) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] was listed on the [[Anti-Defamation League|ADL]]'s white supremacist list, as noted by a viewer.

(06:40:340) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] advocated for freedom of association and separation, arguing that black populations have struggled with constitutional democracy both in [[Africa]] and the [[United States]].

(07:11:440) A viewer joked that they were thrown in jail for asking a teacher why there was no World War II atrocity propaganda, in a comment referencing anti-Semitism and the Holocaust.

(08:18:020) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] responded to a theory that Jewish advocacy for Muslim immigration into [[Europe]] benefits Jews by maintaining their status as a protected, victimized group, noting Jews also thrived under Muslim rule in [[Spain]].

(08:50:560) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] sarcastically praised wearing a "Based Netanyahu" shirt as a way to "show those Muslims" and be "red-pilled," mocking the stance.

(09:19:140) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] performed a mocking impression of a [[Proud Boys|Proud Boy]], saying "I want to die for [[Israel]]" and referencing [[Gavin McInnes]] kissing [[Milo Yiannopoulos]].

(09:42:780) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized [[Gavin McInnes]] for a segment where he shoved a dildo in his own ass "to show those Muslims why the West is the best" and for bringing on a "Zionist in a Maga Yamaka" porn star.

(10:21:820) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that Christian Zionism is the "most cucked" heresy because it teaches that a group of people who reject Christ are spiritually superior and have VIP access to heaven.

(10:52:080) A viewer reported that [[Proud Boys|Proud Boys]] leader [[Enrique Tarrio]] (Biggs) said on the [[Alex Jones]] show that the plan for January 6th was to trick [[Antifa]] into being violent to get them labeled a terrorist organization by [[Donald Trump]].

(11:07:340) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Antifa]] were the instigators of violence at the [[Charlottesville]] "Unite the Right" rally, citing police confiscation of hundreds of hidden weapons from [[Antifa]] beforehand.

(11:51:720) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] sarcastically remarked that it was surprising the judge in the [[Proud Boys]] January 6th case had the last name "Stein-Glass," implying Jewish bias.

(12:28:900) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] defended eating [[Belvita]] breakfast bars against a viewer who called them "pure sugar," reading the nutrition label on stream to prove they contained only 10 grams of sugar.

(13:41:260) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] suggested a viewer ask [[Richard Spencer]] about maximizing a "Brunchian experience," and claimed Spencer was issuing bouncing checks for $50-$70 to his employees at the [[McSpencer Group]].

(14:15:300) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] said he would likely attend his own brother's homosexual marriage ceremony if he had one, prioritizing family loyalty and blood ties over public disapproval of the event, contrasting his stance with [[Ben Shapiro]]'s refusal to attend [[Dave Rubin]]'s wedding.

(15:06:700) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] mocked [[Bill Burr]] and [[Joe Rogan]] as pseudo-edgy "tough guys" who will "say anything" except criticize Jewish people or black people, noting Burr has a black wife and Jewish bosses.

(15:32:700) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he has never had any interaction with [[Steven Crowder]].

(16:14:320) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] dismissed the ongoing feud between [[Donald Trump]] and former aide [[Anthony Scaramucci]] (the Mooch), calling Scaramucci "retarded" and saying "Trump is cool."

(16:45:860) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] sarcastically listed abortion, gay marriage, and "giving money to Jewish people" as examples of the "awesome" things [[America]] is a final bastion for.

(17:21:820) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized the idea of standing hand-in-hand with lesbian pastors, gay priests, and Christians who support abortion or mass immigration for the sake of unity.

(17:26:500) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] declared [[Kanye West]] his favorite composer, stating he listens to loud hip-hop because "old-time boring music" like violin music makes him sleepy.

