# AF 2021-12-08 0918

## Entities

[[Washington D.C.]] (5)  
[[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] (4)  
[[Anthony Fauci]] (2)  
[[Centers for Disease Control and Prevention]] (2)  
[[Louie Gohmert]] (2)  
[[Matt Gaetz]] (2)  
[[Paul Gosar]] (2)  
[[United States Capitol]] (2)  
[[Mike Johnson]] (2)  
[[Food and Drug Administration]] (1)  
[[Warner Bros. Discovery]] (1)  
[[Joe Biden]] (1)  
[[Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez]] (1)  
[[Israel]] (1)  
[[Douglas Mackey]] (1)  
[[Brett Kavanaugh]] (1)

---

## Summary

Marjorie Taylor Greene released a report alleging abuse of January 6th detainees in Washington, D.C. jails. Anthony Fauci stated a third COVID-19 booster would become part of the definition of "fully vaccinated." The director of the CDC overrode FDA and advisory panel recommendations to make COVID-19 boosters available to all adults. Kevin McCarthy censured Marjorie Taylor Greene for comparing vaccine mandates to the Holocaust and Paul Gosar for a parody video.

---

(00:01:44) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] released a report detailing the abuse of January 6th protesters being held without trial in [[Washington, D.C.]] jails, which she described as akin to concentration camps.

(00:03:12) [[Anthony Fauci]] stated that receiving a third COVID-19 booster shot would inevitably become part of the definition of being "fully vaccinated."

(00:04:04) The director of the [[Centers for Disease Control and Prevention|CDC]] overrode the recommendations of the [[Food and Drug Administration|FDA]] and CDC advisory boards to make COVID-19 booster shots available to all adults.

(00:11:30) [[Anthony Fauci]] predicted during a [[CNN]] interview that a third COVID-19 vaccine dose would soon be required for "fully vaccinated" status, a view he characterized as his personal opinion and not current administration policy.

(00:24:55) The Jewish director of the [[Centers for Disease Control and Prevention|CDC]] overrode the unanimous recommendations of the FDA and CDC advisory panels against universal COVID-19 booster shots, extending eligibility to anyone with an occupational risk of exposure.

(00:40:23) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] and [[Louie Gohmert]] toured the [[Washington, D.C.]] jail holding January 6th detainees after previous attempts by [[Matt Gaetz]] and other congressmen were blocked.

(00:42:43) January 6th detainees in the [[Washington, D.C.]] jail reported being denied haircuts unless vaccinated, having cells infested with rats and bed bugs, and being unable to see lawyers or family members.

(00:44:29) A 71-year-old January 6th inmate named Lonnie Kaufman reportedly developed a purple forearm and black thumb while being denied medical attention in the [[Washington, D.C.]] jail.

(00:50:42) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]], [[Paul Gosar]], [[Matt Gaetz]], and [[Louie Gohmert]] were the only members of [[United States Congress|Congress]] who attempted to visit the January 6th detainees in the [[Washington, D.C.]] jail.

(00:53:31) [[Kevin McCarthy]] censured [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] for comparing COVID-19 vaccine mandates to the Holocaust and censured [[Paul Gosar]] for posting an anime video parodying [[Joe Biden]] and [[Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez]].

(00:53:57) [[Kevin McCarthy]] took action against [[United States Congress|Congress]] members who did not support funding for [[Israel]]'s Iron Dome missile defense system.

(01:00:07) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the January 6th Capitol breach was comparable to prior unauthorized protests, such as those during the [[Brett Kavanaugh]] hearings, and less severe than the 2020 riots that burned city blocks and established autonomous zones.

