# AF 2020-08-13 0661

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (11)  
[[James Younger]] (7)  
[[U.S. Department of Justice]] (6)  
[[Yale Law School]] (5)  
[[Cannon Hinnant]] (4)  
[[State of Texas]] (2)  
[[Anne Georgulas]] (2)  
[[Jeffrey Younger]] (2)  
[[Joe Biden]] (2)  
[[NBC News]] (1)  
[[The New York Times]] (1)  
[[BuzzFeed]] (1)  
[[Vox]] (1)  
[[Tucker Carlson]] (1)  
[[James Woods]] (1)  
[[Jude Younger]] (1)  
[[Ted Cruz]] (1)  
[[Greg Abbott]] (1)  
[[Apple Inc.]] (1)  
[[Facebook]] (1)  
[[Google]] (1)  
[[Alex Jones]] (1)  
[[Kamala Harris]] (1)

---

## Summary

The Department of Justice concluded Yale University illegally discriminated against white and Asian American applicants. A Dallas judge granted Anne Georgulas sole authority to pursue a gender transition for her son, James Younger, over the objections of his father, Jeffrey Younger. Tucker Carlson and James Woods discussed the killing of Cannon Hinnant, a case Nicholas J. Fuentes argued was ignored by major media outlets. Nicholas J. Fuentes stated a Joe Biden administration would include Kamala Harris as vice president.

---

(00:00:06) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced the main story for the evening would concern [[Yale University]] and an investigation by the [[Department of Justice]].

(00:00:29) The [[Department of Justice]] concluded that [[Yale University]] was discriminating against white and Asian students in its admissions process, a practice [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized as affirmative action.

(00:01:24) The [[Department of Justice]] threatened to sue [[Yale University]] if the institution did not change its admissions policies.

(00:02:15) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] introduced the case of [[James Younger]], a seven-year-old boy from [[Texas]] whose mother sought to transition him to a girl against his and his father's wishes.

(00:03:06) A judge initially ruled that both [[James Younger]]'s mother and father would have a say in decisions regarding the child's future.

(00:03:38) A new judge later ruled that [[James Younger]]'s mother, [[Anne Georgulas]], would have sole authority to transition the child and that the father, [[Jeffrey Younger]], would have to pay $5,000 per month for the associated counseling.

(00:05:19) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] provided an update on the case of [[Cannon Hinnant]], a five-year-old boy whose killing was not covered by major media outlets like [[NBC]], the [[New York Times]], [[BuzzFeed]], and [[Vox]].

(00:05:55) [[Tucker Carlson]] and [[James Woods]] discussed the [[Cannon Hinnant]] case, helping a GoFundMe for the family raise over $200,000.

(00:07:36) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued the media did not cover [[Cannon Hinnant]]'s killing because the victim was white and the perpetrator was black, which contradicted a narrative that white people cannot be legitimate victims.

(00:10:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that family members of [[Cannon Hinnant]]'s killer justified the murder on social media as "just desserts for white privilege."

(00:18:17) A Dallas judge granted [[Anne Georgulas]] sole power over medical decisions for [[James Younger]], allowing her to enroll him in school as a girl named Luna and subject him to transgender medical procedures.

(00:19:39) The court also ordered [[Jeffrey Younger]] to pay for counseling for [[James Younger]] and his twin, [[Jude Younger]], at a reported cost of $5,000 per month.

(00:21:22) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] noted that the ruling forcing the transition of [[James Younger]] occurred in [[Texas]], a state generally considered conservative.

(00:25:39) People on Twitter tagged [[Ted Cruz]] and Texas Governor [[Greg Abbott]], urging them to intervene in the [[James Younger]] case to prevent the child's forced transition.

(00:35:29) The [[Department of Justice]] conducted a two-year investigation that found [[Yale University]] engaged in illegal racial discrimination against white and Asian American applicants.

(00:37:57) The [[Department of Justice]] investigation concluded that Asian American and white applicants were only one-tenth to one-fourth as likely to be admitted as African American applicants with comparable academic records.

(00:39:10) The [[Department of Justice]] stated that [[Yale University]]'s use of race in admissions was not narrowly tailored and thus violated Supreme Court precedents on affirmative action.

(00:52:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that movements like Black Lives Matter are not about equality but about advancing the self-interest of non-white groups at the expense of white people.

(01:00:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Joe Biden]]'s official platform included confiscating guns, implementing red flag laws, opening borders, increasing refugee caps, and partnering with [[Apple]], [[Facebook]], and [[Google]] to eliminate hate speech.

(01:03:03) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recalled previously comparing [[Alex Jones]]'s rants to "a modern Kristallnacht in the beginning of a white holocaust," a characterization he later said turned out to be correct.

(01:20:47) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Kamala Harris]] would be the vice president under a [[Joe Biden]] administration.

