# AF 2017-11-01 0044

## Entities

[[Mike Cernovich]] (18)  
[[Douglas Mackey]] (12)  
[[City of Charlottesville]] (5)  
[[alt-right]] (3)  
[[City of Gainesville]] (3)  
[[White Lives Matter]] (2)  
[[Somalia]] (2)  
[[Antifa]] (2)  
[[Hunter Wallace]] (2)  
[[Nationalist Review]] (1)  
[[America First]] (1)  
[[Tennessee]] (1)  
[[Russia Today]] (1)  
[[Antioch, Tennessee]] (1)  
[[Hillary Clinton]] (1)  
[[U.S. Department of State]] (1)  
[[Eli Mosley]] (1)  
[[Unknown]] (1)  
[[Allum Bokhari]] (1)  
[[City of Miami]] (1)  
[[Occidental Dissent]] (1)  
[[Matt Domingo]] (1)  
[[League of the South]] (1)  
[[Nationalist Front]] (1)  
[[Traditionalist Workers Party]] (1)  
[[City of Riyadh]] (1)  
[[Texas A&M]] (1)  
[[Auburn University]] (1)  
[[Halligate]] (1)  
[[Donald Trump]] (1)  
[[Europe]] (1)  
[[United States]] (1)  
[[Barack Obama administration]] (1)  
[[Jeremiah Wright]] (1)  
[[Saul Alinsky]] (1)  
[[Germany]] (1)  
[[Lucian Wintrich]] (1)  
[[Joseph Stalin]] (1)

---

## Summary

Nicholas J. Fuentes hosted conversations with Richard Spencer and Mike Enoch. Mike Enoch participated in public demonstrations including the Charlottesville rally and a White Lives Matter event in Tennessee. A Somali migrant shot and killed two individuals at a church in Antioch, Tennessee.

---

(00:28:900) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] hosted a conversation with [[Richard Spencer]] on [[Nationalist Review]] that was lively and contentious but remained civil and productive.

(00:58:880) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] interviewed [[Mike Enoch]] of [[The Right Stuff]] on his show [[America First]].

(01:11:700) The [[White Lives Matter]] rally in [[Tennessee]] generated significant conflict and was reported on by outlets including [[USA Today]].

(03:13:520) A [[Somali]] migrant shot and killed two white individuals at an [[Antioch, Tennessee]] church, a story largely buried by the media according to [[Mike Enoch]].

(03:39:640) [[Hillary Clinton]]'s [[State Department]] was involved in placing [[Somali]] migrants into predominantly white communities as part of a diversification effort.

(06:07:240) [[Mike Enoch]] and [[Eli Mosley]] adhere to a policy of not counter-signaling or publicly condemning other pro-white groups within the [[alt-right]].

(09:27:000) [[Mike Enoch]], based on several years of experience in activism, argued that public infighting provides ammunition to the mainstream media and represents a wasteful opportunity cost.

(10:44:020) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] was scheduled for an interview with [[Milo Yiannopoulos]] and [[Allum Bokhari]] in [[Miami, Florida]] shortly after the [[Charlottesville]] rally, but the interview was canceled.

(10:53:280) Following the [[Charlottesville]] rally, [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] publicly argued that no one on the political right should waste energy condemning Nazis, as [[Antifa]] and the government were the primary adversaries.

(11:27:460) [[Mike Enoch]] participated in a series of public demonstrations including [[Charlottesville]] 3.0, a [[Gainesville]] event, and the [[White Lives Matter]] rally.

(13:51:520) [[Mike Enoch]] began public activism approximately three months after being doxxed and had been engaged in it for about six months at the time of the interview.

(15:49:960) [[Hunter Wallace]] of [[Occidental Dissent]] published an article criticizing [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] and [[Matt Domingo]] while proposing a distinction between the [[alt-right]] and the more extreme "hard right."

(16:07:760) [[Hunter Wallace]] defined the "hard right" as encompassing groups like the [[League of the South]], the [[Nationalist Front]], and the [[Traditionalist Workers Party]].

(17:21:300) [[Mike Enoch]] pointed to a recent terrorist truck attack in [[Manhattan]] by a Muslim individual as a more pressing topic for discussion than internal movement optics.

(20:27:780) At the [[Gainesville]] event, [[Mike Enoch]] and [[Richard Spencer]] faced an unexpectedly large and hostile crowd of approximately 300 [[Antifa]] protesters, which affected their presentation.

(22:28:680) [[Mike Enoch]] viewed the [[Gainesville]] event as a learning experience where he and [[Richard Spencer]] withstood intense yelling and hostile questioning for the entire allotted time.

(25:42:340) [[Mike Enoch]] argued that the [[Charlottesville]] rally fundamentally changed American politics by creating mass awareness of a pro-white movement and polarizing the national debate.

(27:54:320) [[Mike Enoch]] stated that individuals have been red-pilled by witnessing specific events, including [[Richard Spencer]]'s speech at [[Texas A&M]], an [[Auburn University]] event, and the [[Halligate]] controversy.

(28:26:760) [[Mike Enoch]] contended that no [[Donald Trump|Trump]] voter would ever abandon their support because of actions taken by the [[alt-right]].

(29:36:700) [[Mike Enoch]] stated that the [[Charlottesville]] rally was sabotaged, preventing organizers from delivering their speeches and allowing media to brand them as hateful without rebuttal.

(34:11:440) [[Mike Enoch]] announced he was taking a break from public activism for the winter to recover from burnout and focus on website content.

(37:49:780) [[Mike Enoch]] argued that the pro-white movement faces a powerful, well-funded enemy in globalist corporate interests actively promoting deracination in [[Europe]] and the [[United States]].

(40:46:900) [[Mike Enoch]] emphasized that free speech is a quintessential American value and that demonstrating suppression of pro-white speech is a key tactic for winning public sympathy.

(42:12:680) [[Mike Enoch]] advocated for "posturing" campaigns, such as putting up "It's Okay to Be White" posters on college campuses, to provoke anti-white administrative overreactions that alienate average white people.

(50:03:820) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited [[Barack Obama]]'s need to distance himself from [[Jeremiah Wright]] and [[Saul Alinsky]] during his presidential campaigns as a historical parallel for necessary political distancing.

(55:03:760) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized the use of historical European aesthetics like Nazi uniforms in modern rallies, arguing that Adolf Hitler's imagery was timely for 1930s [[Germany]] but is counterproductive today.

(56:47:200) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he maintains diplomatic relationships and considers as allies a broad spectrum of figures including [[Mike Cernovich]], [[Richard Spencer]], [[Mike Enoch]], and [[Lucian Wintrich]].

(59:42:800) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed a personal fascination with [[Joseph Stalin]], citing his ruthless pragmatism and exercise of power as a striking story of the 20th century.

