# AF 2021-11-29 0915

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (16)  
[[Twitter]] (13)  
[[Notre Dame Cathedral]] (6)  
[[Parag Agrawal]] (5)  
[[Warner Bros. Discovery]] (5)  
[[Andrew Torba]] (4)  
[[Breitbart News]] (3)  
[[Joe Biden]] (3)  
[[Kamala Harris]] (3)  
[[Facebook]] (2)  
[[Google]] (2)  
[[African continent]] (2)  
[[Telegram]] (2)  
[[David French]] (2)  
[[Lauren Boebert]] (2)  
[[Gavin Newsom]] (2)  
[[Andrew Cuomo]] (2)  
[[Minnesota Freedom Fund]] (2)  
[[Ilhan Omar]] (2)  
[[Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez]] (2)  
[[France]] (1)  
[[SCOTUS]] (1)  
[[United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization]] (1)  
[[Worzel Root]] (1)  
[[Negative XP]] (1)  
[[Apple Inc.]] (1)  
[[TikTok Inc.]] (1)  
[[Reddit]] (1)  
[[Discord]] (1)  
[[Stripe]] (1)  
[[Maurice Coulot]] (1)  
[[Christopher Rufo]] (1)  
[[Sourav Amari]] (1)  
[[Joel Pollak]] (1)  
[[Caitlyn Jenner]] (1)  
[[State of California]] (1)  
[[Tucker Carlson]] (1)  
[[Hungary]] (1)  
[[Bernie Sanders]] (1)  
[[National File]] (1)  
[[Dangerous Speech Group]] (1)  
[[George Soros]] (1)  
[[October 7th Attack]] (1)  
[[Technology Review]] (1)  
[[The Joe Rogan Experience]] (1)  
[[Robbie Starbuck]] (1)  
[[Islamic State of Iraq and Syria]] (1)  
[[Nancy Pelosi]] (1)  
[[Mark Zuckerberg]] (1)  
[[Somalia]] (1)  
[[Stacey Abrams]] (1)  
[[Nikki Haley]] (1)  
[[India]] (1)

---

## Summary

Jack Dorsey resigned as CEO of Twitter and was replaced by Parag Agrawal. Parag Agrawal stated Twitter should not be bound by the First Amendment and liked a tweet encouraging donations to the Minnesota Freedom Fund. Leaked renovation plans for Notre Dame Cathedral involve UNESCO and include a multicultural exhibit, which architect Maurice Coulot criticized. Nicholas J. Fuentes is banned from multiple platforms including Twitter and Facebook, and increased his activity on Gab, where founder Andrew Torba reposted content critical of him.

---

(00:27:89) [[Jack Dorsey]] resigned as CEO of [[Twitter]] and was replaced by [[Parag Agrawal]], an Indian executive described as more liberal and censorious.

(00:59:67) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Twitter]] was historically less censorious than [[Facebook]] and [[YouTube]], and that [[Jack Dorsey]] acted as a bulwark against more extensive censorship.

(01:54:53) [[Notre Dame Cathedral]] in [[France]], which was damaged by a fire in 2019, is being rebuilt with plans to transform its interior into a multicultural exhibit focusing on [[Africa]] and [[Asia]], with environmental themes and Bible quotes projected in languages including Mandarin.

(02:59:41) [[UNESCO]] is involved in the heritage plans for the [[Notre Dame Cathedral]] renovation.

(04:07:87) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced that [[Worzel Root]] and [[Negative XP]] (also known as Shooter) had become new streamers on [[Cozy TV]].

(05:09:19) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] was banned by name from the payment processor used by [[Entropy]], forcing the platform to deplatform him.

(09:35:45) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] increased his activity on [[Gab]] and encouraged his audience to join him there to counter users he described as baby boomers, QAnon believers, and low-IQ individuals.

(10:56:79) [[Andrew Torba]], the founder of [[Gab]], reposted content critical of [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] on the platform.

(11:20:69) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] declared [[Twitter]] "over" following the appointment of its new Indian CEO, whom he referred to as "Vishnu the Destroyer," and urged his followers to migrate to [[Gab]].

(11:47:51) [[Apple]] and the [[Google Play Store]] can prevent specific [[Telegram]] channels from being displayed on iOS and Android devices, a form of control exercised over the app.

(13:10:39) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he is banned from [[Twitter]], [[Facebook]], [[Instagram]], [[TikTok]], [[Reddit]], [[Discord]], and [[Stripe]].

(14:56:29) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced he would be traveling for content creation and would attempt to broadcast his show daily while on the road, with updates provided on [[Telegram]] and [[Gab]].

(16:26:57) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] revealed he has a private, exciting event scheduled for the following week, the details of which he claimed would concern his enemies.

(22:29:29) An article from [[Breitbart]] reported that leaked renovation plans for [[Notre Dame Cathedral]] would transform it into a "woke Disneyland-style theme park" with themed chapels and a "discovery trail."

(23:59:67) [[Maurice Coulot]], a Paris architect, criticized the [[Notre Dame Cathedral]] renovation plans, stating, "it's as if Disney were entering Notre Dame."

(31:30:07) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited [[Christopher Ruffo]], [[David French]], and [[Sourav Amari]] as examples of conservatives who would oppose the alteration of [[Notre Dame Cathedral]] but support policies leading to demographic change.

(32:27:25) [[David French]] adopted children from [[Africa]].

(33:36:35) [[Joel Pollack]] writes for [[Breitbart]], which published the article criticizing the [[Notre Dame Cathedral]] plans.

(34:00:97) [[Breitbart]] supported [[Caitlyn Jenner]]'s campaign for governor of [[California]], using pink headlines for related coverage.

(42:33:72) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Tucker Carlson]], while praising architecture in [[Hungary]], frames immigration issues as being about "voting rights" rather than the character of the people.

(44:44:84) [[Lauren Boebert]] tweeted that [[Jack Dorsey]] was a disaster and expressed hope that the new [[Twitter]] CEO would not ban conservatives.

(45:01:90) [[Beardson]] quote-tweeted [[Lauren Boebert]]'s statement with sarcasm, comparing the hope for a less censorious [[Twitter]] to money falling from the sky.

(46:01:34) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that white male liberals like [[Gavin Newsom]], [[Andrew Cuomo]], [[Joe Biden]], and [[Jack Dorsey]] would be succeeded by more vengeful non-white people and white women.

(47:32:54) [[Kamala Harris]], who is Jamaican and Indian, is next in line for the presidency and was selected as vice president because she is a non-white woman.

(48:02:52) [[Joe Biden]] won the Democratic nomination after other candidates dropped out to endorse him to prevent [[Bernie Sanders]] from winning.

(49:48:38) A [[National File]] article reported that new [[Twitter]] CEO [[Parag Agrawal]] follows the [[Dangerous Speech Group]], which receives funding from [[George Soros]]'s [[Open Society Foundation]], and supported the [[Minnesota Freedom Fund]] bail fund.

(50:36:77) In a November 2020 interview with [[Technology Review]], [[Parag Agrawal]] stated that [[Twitter]] should not be bound by the First Amendment and should focus less on free speech.

(50:58:99) [[Jack Dorsey]] famously stated he wanted [[Twitter]] to be "the free speech wing of the free speech party."

(51:24:27) [[Jack Dorsey]] appeared on [[Joe Rogan]]'s show to discuss free speech.

(52:09:73) [[Robbie Starbuck]] discovered that [[Parag Agrawal]] liked a Twitter thread comparing conservatives and the far-right to [[ISIS]] and suggesting their accounts should be removed.

(52:59:93) [[Parag Agrawal]] liked a tweet encouraging donations to the [[Minnesota Freedom Fund]], which helped bail out individuals including a child rapist and a man arrested for murder.

(56:51:78) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] listed [[Gavin Newsom]], [[Nancy Pelosi]], [[Andrew Cuomo]], [[Joe Biden]], [[Jack Dorsey]], and [[Mark Zuckerberg]] as examples of leaders who are not the most extreme, predicting worse successors.

(57:22:72) [[Ilhan Omar]] is a refugee from [[Somalia]] who wears a hijab and serves in Congress.

(57:24:74) [[Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez|AOC]], [[Ilhan Omar]], [[Stacey Abrams]], and [[Kamala Harris]] were cited as examples of a new generation of militant, alienated non-white leaders.

(01:00:01:32) [[Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez|AOC]] and [[Kamala Harris]] advocate for hiring "all women of color."

(01:00:34:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that [[Jack Dorsey]] was internally fighting for free speech at [[Twitter]] against a trust and safety team he described as comprised of "trannies, gays, and militant non-white people."

(01:05:53:24) [[Nikki Haley]] named her son Nalin and her daughter Rena, which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] presented as evidence that she cares more about [[India]]n heritage than white people.

(01:06:48:50) [[Tim Scott]], a black Republican Senator, was cited as another example of a non-white conservative who [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued does not truly care about white people.

