# AF 2023-07-29 1195

## Entities

[[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] (29)  
[[Donald Trump]] (12)  
[[Pearl Davis]] (6)  
[[Adolf Hitler]] (6)  
[[Piers Morgan]] (4)  
[[The Jerusalem Post]] (3)  
[[Kanye West]] (3)  
[[Joe Biden]] (3)  
[[United States]] (2)  
[[Jack Smith]] (1)  
[[Aidan Ross]] (1)  
[[Warner Bros. Discovery]] (1)  
[[Benjamin Netanyahu]] (1)  
[[Andrew Tate]] (1)  
[[Israel]] (1)  
[[Ben Shapiro]] (1)  
[[Joseph Stalin]] (1)  
[[Vladimir Lenin]] (1)  
[[Leon Trotsky]] (1)  
[[Lex Fridman]] (1)  
[[Ron DeSantis]] (1)

---

## Summary

The commentary centered on the multiple criminal investigations into former President Donald Trump, arguing they were a coordinated effort to pressure him to abandon the 2024 presidential race. It also extensively discussed the backlash against commentator Pearl Davis for a song about Jewish topics, using the incident to advance claims about Jewish influence and to criticize Holocaust remembrance. The speaker advocated for a Christian nationalist political revolution and repeatedly sought to rehabilitate the image of Adolf Hitler while denouncing contemporary Jewish figures and practices.

---

(00:01:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced the featured story for the evening would be about [[Donald Trump]].

(00:01:59) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Donald Trump]] was guilty of mishandling classified documents according to the letter of the law, despite disagreeing with the basis of the prosecution.

(00:01:59) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Donald Trump]]'s lawyers met with [[Jack Smith]] regarding potential charges connected to the events of January 6th.

(00:02:43) [[Donald Trump]] declared he would continue his 2024 presidential campaign even if convicted and jailed.

(00:03:07) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] posited that the multiple charges against [[Donald Trump]] were an attempt by the federal government to create leverage and pressure him to drop out of the presidential race.

(00:05:33) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] outlined a scenario where [[Donald Trump]] could avoid jail time by accepting a deal to leave the race or face the gamble of winning the presidency to pardon himself.

(00:06:08) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] discussed [[Pearl Davis]], the host of the YouTube channel Just Pearly Things, who created an acoustic song questioning why people cannot talk about Jews or [[Adolf Hitler]].

(00:07:06) [[Pearl Davis]] faced immediate backlash for her song, including criticism from [[The Jerusalem Post]] and an invitation onto [[Piers Morgan]]'s show which turned into a confrontational interview.

(00:07:45) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] asserted that Jewish people wield significant global power and will retaliate against those who publicly discuss Jewish influence.

(00:09:51) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] framed speaking about alleged crimes committed by Jewish people as a patriotic and Christian duty.

(00:13:29) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recounted interrogating an intern over dietary habits, citing Jewish religious practices of avoiding pork, shellfish, and mixing meat and dairy as evidence of being "fucked up."

(00:15:26) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized Jewish religious observance as a form of idolatry that worships ritual law over God.

(00:17:06) [[Pearl Davis]] dedicated her song about not being able to discuss Jews or [[Adolf Hitler]] to her friend [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(00:17:51) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed his influence led figures like [[Leafy]] and [[Sneako]] to make anti-Israel or critical statements about Jewish figures like [[Benjamin Netanyahu|Bibi]].

(00:18:14) [[The Jerusalem Post]] published an article labeling [[Pearl Davis]]'s song as a dedication to "white supremacist [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]" and criticizing her association with [[Andrew Tate]].

(00:19:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the intense censorship surrounding topics like Jewish power, race realism, and COVID-19 origins is a heuristic indicating those topics contain important, regime-threatening truths.

(00:23:33) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] contended that accepting that the Holocaust was exaggerated would fundamentally alter the political paradigm, potentially rehabilitating [[Adolf Hitler]]'s image and shifting the spectrum of evil away from Nazism.

(00:25:58) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that establishing a Catholic state would necessarily disenfranchise atheists, homosexuals, Muslims, and Jews from lawmaking and end support for [[Israel]].

(00:27:17) [[The Jerusalem Post]] article repeated previous reporting that [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] made genocidal comments and called for a holy war against Jews at an America First rally.

(00:28:25) [[Piers Morgan]] invited [[Pearl Davis]] onto his show under the pretense of a friendly conversation about free speech, which she later revealed was communicated by his team prior to the ambush interview.

(00:29:24) [[Piers Morgan]] demanded on Twitter that [[Pearl Davis]] apologize to the Jewish community or face being "disappeared like [[Kanye West]]."

(00:30:21) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] highlighted the contradiction of figures like [[Ben Shapiro]] advocating for a free marketplace of ideas while supporting censorship of criticism against Jewish people.

(00:32:14) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] advocated for a political revolution to install Christian leadership in [[United States|America]] to create laws based on natural law and subordinate society to a Christian framework.

(00:33:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] questioned why media directs public hatred towards [[Adolf Hitler]] instead of contemporary issues like crime, abortion, and pornography affecting [[United States|America]].

(00:36:08) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed more anger at a litterer in his neighborhood than at [[Adolf Hitler]], using the anecdote to argue that public hatred of Hitler is a misplaced psy-op.

(00:40:21) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] described his own stance as a "grandparents' prejudice" level of antisemitism, which he characterized as a natural and healthy societal attitude.

(00:43:09) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that white people have been conditioned to hate [[Adolf Hitler]] and should instead direct their anger at figures like [[Joseph Stalin]], [[Vladimir Lenin]], and [[Leon Trotsky]].

(00:45:15) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] pointed out that Jewish people focus on the six million Jews killed in World War II but do not discuss the hundred million white Europeans who died, framing this as a lack of reciprocity.

(00:48:37) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] referenced [[Kanye West]]'s interviews where [[Kanye West|Ye]] challenged [[Piers Morgan]] and [[Lex Friedman]] on why he should care about the Holocaust over the trauma of black people.

(00:51:45) [[Donald Trump]] was the target of four separate investigations: a New York indictment for falsifying business records, a federal indictment for mishandling classified documents, a Fulton County investigation into 2020 election calls, and a DOJ investigation into January 6th.

(00:52:59) [[Donald Trump]] vowed to continue his 2024 presidential campaign even if convicted during an appearance on the pro-Trump radio program *The John Fredericks Show*.

(00:53:55) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] theorized that the regime does not want a [[Donald Trump]] versus [[Joe Biden]] election because both a Trump win or loss would lead to civil disorder and a crisis of legitimacy for the federal government.

(00:56:03) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] asserted that [[Donald Trump]] was on track to be the Republican nominee barring interference, making a Trump-Biden contest inevitable and unacceptable to the system.

(00:56:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] concluded the goal of the indictments was to pressure [[Donald Trump]] into a plea deal or corrupt bargain with the [[Joe Biden|Biden administration]], possibly involving a pardon, in exchange for dropping out of the race.

(01:00:18) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that if [[Donald Trump]] is not the Republican nominee, he would likely vote for [[Joe Biden]] or possibly [[Kanye West]], and would not vote for [[Ron DeSantis]].

