# AF 2018-05-30 0174

## Entities

[[Roseanne Barr]] (6)  
[[Donald Trump]] (6)  
[[ABC News]] (5)  
[[Valerie Jarrett]] (2)  
[[Twitter]] (2)  
[[Ben Shapiro]] (2)  
[[John Nolte]] (2)  
[[Breitbart News]] (2)  
[[Nashville]] (2)  
[[Raj Shah]] (2)  
[[Chelsea Clinton]] (1)  
[[George Soros]] (1)  
[[Unknown]] (1)  
[[Jimmy Kimmel]] (1)  
[[Bill Maher]] (1)  
[[Eric Erickson]] (1)  
[[National Football League]] (1)  
[[Bob Iger]] (1)  
[[Trey Gowdy]] (1)  
[[Fox News]] (1)  
[[Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III]] (1)  
[[Robert Mueller]] (1)  
[[Kelly Sadler]] (1)  
[[John McCain]] (1)  
[[Douglas Mackey]] (1)

---

## Summary

Roseanne Barr compared Valerie Jarrett to a character from *Planet of the Apes* and noted Chelsea Clinton's marriage to a nephew of George Soros. ABC canceled the *Roseanne* reboot and fired Roseanne Barr hours after her tweets, a decision supported by Eric Erickson, Ben Shapiro, and John Nolte of Breitbart. Donald Trump tweeted that ABC's Bob Iger apologized to Valerie Jarrett but not to him, and he later quoted Trey Gowdy to state he should have fired Attorney General Jeff Sessions. White House Deputy Communications Director Raj Shah, who had previously called Donald Trump "deplorable," was identified as the source who leaked a comment about Senator John McCain.

---

(00:28:00) [[Roseanne Barr]] compared [[Valerie Jarrett]] to a character from *Planet of the Apes* and pointed out that [[Chelsea Clinton]] was married to a nephew of [[George Soros]].

(00:28:40) [[ABC]] canceled the highly successful reboot of the sitcom *Roseanne* and fired [[Roseanne Barr]] within hours of her controversial tweets.

(00:37:40) [[Patrick Casey]] argued on [[Twitter]] that the appropriate conservative response to the [[Roseanne Barr]] controversy was to highlight the double standard, citing examples like [[Jimmy Kimmel]] appearing in blackface and [[Bill Maher]] using racial slurs.

(00:39:40) [[Eric Erickson]], [[Ben Shapiro]], and [[John Nolte]] of [[Breitbart]] stated that [[ABC]] made the correct decision in firing [[Roseanne Barr]].

(00:45:40) [[John Nolte]] published an op-ed on [[Breitbart]] arguing that [[ABC]] was right to fire [[Roseanne Barr]] because her comments were racist and caused hurt to millions of people.

(00:56:40) [[Ben Shapiro]] wrote in the *National Review* that both the [[NFL]]'s policy to force players to stand and [[ABC]]'s decision to cancel *Roseanne* were correct because they were best for their respective products.

(01:09:40) [[Donald Trump]] tweeted that [[Bob Iger]] of [[ABC]] called [[Valerie Jarrett]] to apologize for [[Roseanne Barr]]'s comments but never called him to apologize for horrible statements made about him on the network.

(01:16:40) The *New York Times* reported that only 1,000 people attended a [[Donald Trump]] rally in [[Nashville]], a figure [[Donald Trump]] and others claimed was a drastic undercount, leading the newspaper to issue a retraction.

(01:17:40) *USA Today* reported that in a private fundraiser, [[Donald Trump]] estimated 12,000 people attended his [[Nashville]] rally, which became the number one story on [[Twitter]] as a counter-narrative to the *New York Times* retraction.

(01:25:40) [[Donald Trump]] tweeted a series of posts quoting [[Trey Gowdy]]'s appearance on [[Fox News]], ultimately stating he should have fired Attorney General [[Jeff Sessions]] for recusing himself from the [[Robert Mueller]] investigation.

(01:49:40) A report indicated that White House Deputy Communications Director [[Raj Shah]], who had previously called [[Donald Trump]] a "deplorable," was the source who leaked that staffer [[Kelly Sadler]] said Senator [[John McCain]] was "dying anyway" in a closed-door meeting.

(01:54:40) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that a major problem within the [[Trump Administration]] was staffing, with crucial positions filled by people who opposed the president's agenda, citing the example of anti-Trumper [[Raj Shah]] holding the role of Deputy Communications Director.

