# AF 2021-08-27 0864

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (5)  
[[City of Kabul]] (4)  
[[United States]] (4)  
[[Afghanistan]] (3)  
[[Central Intelligence Agency]] (3)  
[[Islamic State of Iraq and Syria]] (3)  
[[Joe Biden]] (3)  
[[Matt Gaetz]] (2)  
[[U.S. Department of Defense]] (2)  
[[Centers for Disease Control and Prevention]] (2)  
[[Australia]] (2)  
[[Vincent James]] (1)  
[[Twitter]] (1)  
[[Federal Bureau of Investigation]] (1)  
[[Michael Leroy Byrd]] (1)  
[[Ashli Babbitt]] (1)  
[[United States Capitol]] (1)  
[[William J. Burns]] (1)  
[[Abdul Ghani Baradar]] (1)  
[[Warner Bros. Discovery]] (1)  
[[Cuba]] (1)  
[[SCOTUS]] (1)  
[[Barack Obama administration]] (1)  
[[White House National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan]] (1)  
[[Darrell Issa]] (1)  
[[Lindsey Graham]] (1)  
[[Nikki Haley]] (1)  
[[Josh Hawley]] (1)  
[[City of Fort McCoy]] (1)  
[[Wisconsin]] (1)  
[[Fort Bliss]] (1)  
[[State of Texas]] (1)  
[[Food and Drug Administration]] (1)  
[[Don Beyer]] (1)  
[[Greg Gianforte]] (1)  
[[Montana]] (1)  
[[Lisa Shaw]] (1)  
[[AstraZeneca]] (1)  
[[Ryan Tannehill]] (1)  
[[Tennessee Titans]] (1)  
[[Wellcamp Airport]] (1)  
[[Toowoomba]] (1)  
[[Rochelle Walensky]] (1)

---

## Summary

Nicholas J. Fuentes was permanently banned from Twitter and was described by Matt Gaetz as a charismatic ethno-nationalist. Lieutenant Michael Leroy Byrd was identified as the officer who shot and killed Ashli Babbitt at the United States Capitol. A bombing at Kabul airport killed 13 United States Marines, an attack ISIS claimed responsibility for following a secret CIA meeting in the city. Several Republican politicians called for Joe Biden's resignation over the Afghanistan withdrawal, during which approximately 30,000 Afghan refugees were housed at domestic military bases.

---

(00:01:05) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] was absent from his show, with [[Vincent James]] serving as the substitute host.

(00:01:21) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] had been active on Telegram, commenting on events in [[Afghanistan]].

(00:05:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] was permanently banned from [[Twitter]], where he had a verified account with 135,000 followers.

(00:07:27) [[Matt Gaetz]] described [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] as a charismatic internet personality and an ethno-nationalist whose show he had watched.

(00:08:14) [[Matt Gaetz]] cited a report from Daily Veracity stating the [[FBI]] had frozen [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]'s bank accounts, deactivated his credit cards, and placed him on the no-fly list.

(00:14:45) Lieutenant [[Michael Leroy Byrd]], a black police officer, was identified as the individual who shot and killed [[Ashli Babbitt]] at the [[United States Capitol]].

(00:16:09) [[William J. Burns]], the director of the [[Central Intelligence Agency|CIA]], held a secret meeting in [[Kabul]] with Taliban leader [[Abdul Ghani Baradar]].

(00:20:22) [[Antony Blinken]], the [[United States]] Secretary of State, warned of a "very real possibility" of an [[ISIS]] attack in [[Kabul]] following the [[Central Intelligence Agency|CIA]] chief's meeting.

(00:20:30) A bombing at [[Kabul]] airport killed 13 [[United States]] Marines and many civilians, an attack [[ISIS]] claimed responsibility for.

(00:28:26) The [[Central Intelligence Agency|CIA]] and [[United States Department of Defense|Department of Defense]] previously planned Operation Northwoods, a proposed false flag operation involving staged terrorism against American targets to justify war with [[Cuba]].

(00:30:05) [[Donald Trump]] ended a covert aid program to Syrian rebel groups that had been established by President [[Barack Obama]].

(00:31:56) [[Joe Biden]] stated he had instructed the military to develop plans to strike [[ISIS]] assets and leadership following the [[Kabul]] airport bombing.

(00:34:25) [[John Kirby]], the [[United States Department of Defense|Pentagon]] press secretary, confirmed that the evacuation mission in [[Afghanistan]] would not be concluding imminently.

(00:42:43) [[Darrell Issa]], [[Lindsey Graham]], [[Nikki Haley]], and [[Josh Hawley]] called for [[Joe Biden]]'s resignation or impeachment over the handling of the [[Afghanistan]] withdrawal.

(00:43:59) Approximately 30,000 Afghan refugees were being housed at locations like [[Fort McCoy]] in [[Wisconsin]] and [[Fort Bliss]] in [[Texas]].

(00:48:57) [[Joe Biden]] called on private sector companies to mandate COVID-19 vaccinations for employees following the [[Food and Drug Administration|FDA]]'s approval.

(01:00:50) The [[United States]] government planned to offer COVID-19 booster shots after six months instead of eight.

(01:02:04) Representative [[Don Beyer]] introduced H.R. 4980, a bill to require proof of vaccination for domestic air travel within the [[United States]].

(01:03:40) [[Greg Gianforte]], the Governor of [[Montana]], stated his administration would not impose vaccine or mask mandates.

(01:08:58) A study concluded that fully vaccinated individuals could carry 251 times the viral load of the Delta variant in their nasal passages compared to unvaccinated individuals with previous variants.

(01:09:08) The [[Centers for Disease Control and Prevention|CDC]]'s Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) listed approximately 13,000 deaths and over 600,000 adverse events following COVID-19 vaccination.

(01:10:26) BBC Radio Newcastle presenter [[Lisa Shaw]] died from blood clots in the brain, which a coroner ruled were complications of the [[AstraZeneca]] COVID-19 vaccine.

(01:13:00) [[Ryan Tannehill]], the quarterback for the [[Tennessee Titans]] who was fully vaccinated, tested positive for COVID-19, highlighting breakthrough cases.

(01:13:47) The government of [[Australia]] announced that fully vaccinated residents in certain areas would be granted limited new freedoms, such as an additional hour of outdoor recreation.

(01:14:59) [[Australia]] began constructing a dedicated regional quarantine facility at [[Wellcamp Airport]] near [[Toowoomba]] to house COVID-19 cases.

(01:16:17) [[Rochelle Walensky]], the director of the [[Centers for Disease Control and Prevention|CDC]], stated in March 2021 that vaccinated people "do not carry the virus, don't get sick," but later acknowledged reports of increased risk of severe disease among those vaccinated early.

