# AF 2021-05-04 0805

## Entities

[[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] (7)  
[[Derek Chauvin]] (5)  
[[Washington D.C.]] (2)  
[[Brandon Mitchell]] (2)  
[[Black Lives Matter]] (2)  
[[Joe Biden]] (1)  
[[Floyd family]] (1)  
[[City of Minneapolis]] (1)  
[[Axios]] (1)  
[[Jeff Asher]] (1)  
[[John Roman]] (1)  
[[University of Chicago]] (1)  
[[The Daily Mail]] (1)  
[[Mike Brandt]] (1)  
[[Facebook]] (1)  
[[Google]] (1)  
[[Twitter]] (1)  
[[Donald Trump]] (1)  
[[Hillary Clinton]] (1)  
[[Centers for Disease Control and Prevention]] (1)  
[[COVID-19]] (1)  
[[George Floyd]] (1)  
[[Brian Sicknick]] (1)  
[[AFPAC]] (1)

---

## Summary

Juror Brandon Mitchell attended a Washington, D.C. Black Lives Matter protest while wearing related apparel, contrary to his jury questionnaire for the Derek Chauvin trial. Crime analyst Jeff Asher's data from 37 cities indicated a year-over-year 18% increase in murders for early 2021. Nicholas J. Fuentes argued that major social media platforms censored content contradicting official narratives on COVID-19, the George Floyd case, and 2020 election fraud.

---

(00:00:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] began his monologue by announcing the show's featured story would be new details about the people behind the conviction of [[Derek Chauvin]].

(00:00:27) A juror who voted to convict [[Derek Chauvin]] was photographed in July in [[Washington, D.C.]] wearing a shirt that said "Get your knee off our neck" and a baseball cap that said "BLM".

(00:01:05) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Derek Chauvin]] did not receive a fair trial, citing intervention by the [[President of the United States]], a large settlement to the [[Floyd family]] from the city of [[Minneapolis]], and the presence of biased jurors.

(00:02:05) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited a report from [[Axios]] stating that murders and violent crimes were surging in every major American city and were predicted to get worse over the summer.

(00:16:37) Crime analyst [[Jeff Asher]] collected data from 37 cities indicating murders were up 18% in the first three months of 2021 compared to the same period in 2020.

(00:18:53) Senior fellow [[John Roman]] of the [[University of Chicago]]'s Economics, Justice, and Society group predicted the summer of 2021 would be "abnormally violent".

(00:39:37) The [[Daily Mail]] reported that a juror in the [[Derek Chauvin]] trial, [[Brandon Mitchell]], confirmed he was photographed at a [[Black Lives Matter]] protest in [[Washington, D.C.]] wearing a BLM shirt and hat, despite answering "no" to questions about attending demonstrations on his jury questionnaire.

(00:42:11) Minneapolis defense attorney [[Mike Brandt]] stated the revelation about juror [[Brandon Mitchell]] could be combined with other issues to argue [[Derek Chauvin]] was denied a fair trial on appeal.

(00:46:32) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that major social media companies like [[Facebook]], [[Google]], and [[Twitter]] began clamping down on so-called "fake news" and "misinformation" after the 2016 election, under the pretext that it led to [[Donald Trump]]'s victory over [[Hillary Clinton]].

(00:50:32) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that over the past year, major social media platforms censored content contradicting the [[CDC]] on [[COVID-19]], questioning the narrative around [[George Floyd]] and [[Black Lives Matter]], and alleging election fraud in the 2020 presidential election.

(00:54:13) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited the retraction of the story that Capitol Police officer [[Brian Sicknick]] was killed with a fire extinguisher on January 6th, and subsequent reports confirming he died of a stroke, as an example of a censored narrative later proven false.

(01:00:45) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] described his Monday-through-Friday show as serving "diner fare" staples like anti-immigration talk, exposing the [[Israel lobby]], and discussing black crime.

