# AF 2019-12-13 0513

## Entities

[[Cenk Uygur]] (8)  
[[Bernie Sanders]] (3)  
[[Democratic Party]] (3)  
[[Loyola Marymount University]] (2)  
[[Unite Here Local 11]] (2)  
[[The Young Turks]] (1)  
[[Katie Hill]] (1)  
[[Elizabeth Warren]] (1)  
[[Joe Biden]] (1)  
[[Tom Steyer]] (1)  
[[Peter Buttigieg]] (1)  
[[Amy Klobuchar]] (1)  
[[Tom Perez]] (1)  
[[University of California, Los Angeles]] (1)  
[[AFSCME Local 3299]] (1)  
[[Susan Minato]] (1)  
[[Sodexo]] (1)  
[[Christy Smith]] (1)  
[[Nancy Pelosi]] (1)  
[[Justice Democrats]] (1)  
[[David Duke]] (1)  
[[Hillary Clinton]] (1)  
[[Barack Obama administration]] (1)  
[[Douglas Mackey]] (1)

---

## Summary

Bernie Sanders endorsed and later retracted his endorsement of Cenk Uygur's congressional campaign. Several Democratic presidential candidates boycotted a debate at Loyola Marymount University in solidarity with striking Unite Here Local 11 workers. The Democratic National Committee had previously canceled a debate at UCLA due to a labor dispute before moving the event.

---

(00:01:06) [[Cenk Uygur]], the progressive owner and host of [[The Young Turks]], is running for Congress in California's 25th district to replace former representative [[Katie Hill]].

(00:01:21) [[Bernie Sanders]] endorsed [[Cenk Uygur]] in his congressional race, but later retracted the endorsement following backlash over Uygur's past comments.

(00:08:16) [[Elizabeth Warren]], [[Bernie Sanders]], [[Joe Biden]], [[Tom Steyer]], [[Pete Buttigieg]], and [[Amy Klobuchar]] announced they would boycott a Democratic debate at [[Loyola Marymount University]] in solidarity with striking food service workers from [[Unite Here Local 11]].

(00:09:33) [[Tom Perez]], the chairman of the [[Democratic National Committee|DNC]], stated he would not cross a picket line and would not expect the party's candidates to do so either.

(00:10:28) The [[Democratic National Committee|DNC]] had previously canceled a debate at the [[University of California Los Angeles|UCLA]] due to a labor dispute with [[AFSCME Local 3299]] before moving the event to [[Loyola Marymount University]].

(00:11:03) [[Susan Minato]], co-president of [[Unite Here Local 11]], stated that workers would be picketing the debate venue because contract negotiations with the food vendor [[Sodexo]] had stalled.

(00:27:16) [[Bernie Sanders]] endorsed [[Cenk Uygur]], describing him as "a voice we desperately need in Congress" who would "serve ordinary people, not powerful special interests."

(00:28:19) Following the controversy, [[Cenk Uygur]] announced he would no longer accept any endorsements for his campaign.

(00:29:09) [[Cenk Uygur]] is running against [[Christy Smith]], a California State Assemblywoman who has received the backing of prominent [[Democratic Party|Democrats]] including [[Nancy Pelosi]].

(00:29:32) [[Cenk Uygur]] was forced out of the group [[Justice Democrats]], which he co-founded, after old blog posts objectifying women came to light.

(00:30:11) [[Cenk Uygur]] has argued that bestiality should be legal and hosted white supremacist figures including [[David Duke]] on his show.

(00:39:44) [[Cenk Uygur]] did not endorse [[Hillary Clinton]] in the 2016 presidential election.

(00:42:29) [[Barack Obama]]'s administration introduced the Affordable Care Act, which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued primarily benefited large insurance companies.

