# AF 2019-11-13 0498

## Entities

[[Charlie Kirk]] (26)  
[[Douglas Mackey]] (16)  
[[Israel]] (5)  
[[North Carolina State University]] (4)  
[[Turning Point USA]] (3)  
[[American Identity Movement]] (3)  
[[University of Florida]] (2)  
[[New Hampshire]] (2)  
[[Donald Trump]] (2)  
[[Peter Thiel]] (2)  
[[Michelle Malkin]] (2)  
[[Richard Spencer]] (2)  
[[University of Houston]] (1)  
[[State of Colorado]] (1)  
[[Iowa]] (1)  
[[State of California]] (1)  
[[State of Ohio]] (1)  
[[State of Florida]] (1)  
[[Unknown]] (1)  
[[Rob Smith]] (1)  
[[Guy Benson]] (1)  
[[BuzzFeed]] (1)  
[[Benny Johnson]] (1)  
[[State of Virginia]] (1)  
[[North Carolina]] (1)  
[[Europe]] (1)  
[[Sam Cedars]] (1)  
[[Ann Coulter]] (1)  
[[Federation for American Immigration Reform]] (1)  
[[Center for Immigration Studies]] (1)  
[[Iraq War]] (1)  
[[Harvey Weinstein]] (1)  
[[Israel Defense Forces]] (1)  
[[Jeffrey Epstein]] (1)  
[[U.S. Department of State]] (1)  
[[Saudi Arabia]] (1)  
[[Islamic State of Iraq and Syria]] (1)  
[[al-Nusra Front]] (1)  
[[al-Shabaab]] (1)  
[[Ben Shapiro]] (1)  
[[Dr. Taylor Marshall]] (1)

---

## Summary

Nicholas J. Fuentes streamed a live event at North Carolina State University featuring Charlie Kirk of Turning Point USA. Charlie Kirk held events at the University of Florida and the University of Houston as part of a multi-state tour. Attendees at these events questioned Kirk on topics including U.S. support for Israel, homosexuality, white unemployment, and the USS Liberty incident. Nicholas J. Fuentes made several claims regarding organized Jewish influence, alleging connections between Harvey Weinstein, Jeffrey Epstein, and Mossad.

---

(00:27:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] streamed a live event at [[North Carolina State University]] featuring [[Charlie Kirk]] of [[Turning Point USA]].

(00:51:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] held a "Prove Me Wrong" event at the [[University of Florida]] the previous night, where attendees questioned his support for [[Israel]] and his organization's stance on homosexuality.

(00:51:00) [[Charlie Kirk]]'s organization, [[Turning Point USA]], issued a statement characterizing attendees at the [[University of Florida]] event as "evil white nationalists."

(01:51:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] was scheduled to hold another event at the [[University of Houston]].

(07:46:00) [[Charlie Kirk]]'s event at [[North Carolina State University]] was part of a four-week "Culture War tour" that included stops in [[Colorado]], [[New Hampshire]], [[Iowa]], [[California]], [[Ohio]], and [[Florida]].

(08:25:00) For the preceding four weeks, [[Charlie Kirk]]'s primary tactic during Q&A sessions was to dismiss or evade questions from attendees aligned with the "America First" movement.

(19:22:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] accepts financial support from "Scientologist Zionists," according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(22:14:00) At the [[North Carolina State University]] event, an attendee confronted [[Charlie Kirk]] about [[Turning Point USA]]'s statement labeling critics as "evil white nationalists."

(23:41:00) During the Q&A, [[Charlie Kirk]] asked an attendee if they knew what "Identity Europa" was, in an attempt to link the questioner to the defunct organization.

(25:48:00) An attendee at the [[North Carolina State University]] event raised his hand when [[Charlie Kirk]] asked if anyone would defend "Identity Europa," and subsequently engaged with Kirk on stage.

(27:36:00) [[Patrick Casey]], who leads the group [[AIM]], was formerly a member of the now-defunct organization [[Identity Europa]].

(28:57:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] characterized [[Identity Europa]] as a neo-Nazi group attempting to take over the government.

(29:56:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] asked the attendee who defended [[Identity Europa]] if he believed in a "white ethnostate," to which the attendee said no.

(30:37:00) The same attendee told [[Charlie Kirk]] he did not want to become a minority in his own country, citing the 1790 Immigration Act in the discussion.

(31:08:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] questioned whether being American required having white skin, prompting the attendee to reference the 1790 Immigration Act.

(35:28:00) Another attendee asked [[Charlie Kirk]] why [[Donald Trump]] talks about black and Hispanic unemployment but not white unemployment.

(36:38:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] responded to the question about white unemployment by reframing it as an issue of white people being predisposed to vote Republican, citing that the top three whitest states voted for Democrats.

(38:05:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]], who worked on the [[New Hampshire]] campaign for [[Donald Trump]], stated that Trump won [[New Hampshire]] but Democrats cheated in the north due to improper poll monitoring.

(39:53:00) An attendee questioned [[Charlie Kirk]] about hosting "Lady Maga" at his events and promoting homosexuality and transsexuality, asking if he would support Drag Queen Story Hour in five years.

(40:34:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] denied ever hosting "Lady Maga" at his events during the exchange.

(41:26:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] asked the attendee questioning homosexuality, "What would you do with homosexuals?" and listed [[Rob Smith]], [[Guy Benson]], and [[Peter Thiel]] as examples.

(42:01:00) [[Peter Thiel]]'s homosexuality was reportedly outed by [[BuzzFeed]], according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(43:28:00) [[Benny Johnson]] called a Christian who was not okay with homosexual marriage a "new Westboro Baptist Church kid," according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(43:42:00) A veteran attendee asked [[Charlie Kirk]] a question about the USS Liberty, referencing the 1967 attack by [[Israel]].

(47:16:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] asked the attendee questioning the USS Liberty attack, "Why would Israel attack the Liberty?"

(48:56:00) An attendee drew an analogy between post-Civil War "carpetbagging" and modern immigration, asking [[Charlie Kirk]] how importing populations to change political outcomes differs from Hispanic immigrants changing governments in states like [[Virginia]] and [[North Carolina]].

(51:39:00) An attendee challenged [[Charlie Kirk]] to debate [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(51:53:00) [[Charlie Kirk]] implied an attendee was an anti-Semite for questioning U.S. support for [[Israel]].

(53:35:00) An Examiner writer called [[Michelle Malkin]] a "Nazi and an anti-Semite" because she opposes F1 visas, according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(57:03:00) [[Richard Spencer]], who founded the "alt-right," does not believe in America, supports the [[European Union]], and supports gun control, according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(58:11:00) [[Richard Spencer]] said "I spit on the Lord," according to secondhand reports cited by [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(01:20:33:00) [[Sam Cedars]] offered to moderate a debate between [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] and [[Charlie Kirk]].

(01:20:48:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recommended that an attendee preparing a question on EB-5 visas consult the work of [[Michelle Malkin]] and [[Ann Coulter]], and review pieces from [[FAIR]] and [[CIS]].

(01:21:01:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that organized Jewry and the Israel lobby exist, exerted disproportionate power, and got the U.S. into the [[Iraq War]].

(01:21:15:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Harvey Weinstein]] worked with [[Mossad]] and [[Jeffrey Epstein]] worked with [[Mossad]].

(01:21:57:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed pressure from "organized Jewry" led the [[State Department]] to shut down plans for a military base in [[Poland]] because of Polish Holocaust laws.

(01:44:48:00) An attendee suggested asking [[Charlie Kirk]] about his support for arming and funding the radical Wahhabis in [[Saudi Arabia]], who attacked the U.S. on 9/11 and fund [[ISIS]], [[al-Qaeda]], and [[al-Shabaab]], allegedly because of [[Israel]].

(01:47:43:00) [[Ben Shapiro]] gave a whole speech about [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] without saying his name, according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(01:59:11:00) [[Dr. Taylor Marshall]] emailed an invitation to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] to talk.

