# AF 2022-10-11 1076

## Entities

[[Kanye West]] (23)  
[[Douglas Mackey]] (16)  
[[Louis Farrakhan]] (6)  
[[Fox News]] (4)  
[[Israel]] (4)  
[[Tucker Carlson]] (3)  
[[Jared Kushner]] (3)  
[[Anti-Defamation League]] (3)  
[[Germany]] (3)  
[[Sean Combs]] (2)  
[[Peter Thiel]] (2)  
[[Lyle, Illinois]] (2)  
[[Bryson Gray]] (2)  
[[Zionist Organization of America]] (2)  
[[Los Angeles]] (2)  
[[Jason Whitlock]] (2)  
[[Adolf Hitler]] (2)  
[[Google]] (2)  
[[Instagram]] (1)  
[[Twitter]] (1)  
[[New York]] (1)  
[[Shia LaBeouf]] (1)  
[[Samuel J. Hyde]] (1)  
[[Brittany Venti]] (1)  
[[Alex Stein]] (1)  
[[Warner Bros. Discovery]] (1)  
[[Taylor Swift]] (1)  
[[MTV Video Music Awards]] (1)  
[[Beyoncé]] (1)  
[[Paris Fashion Week]] (1)  
[[Ilhan Omar]] (1)  
[[John Mearsheimer]] (1)  
[[Stephen Walt]] (1)  
[[United States]] (1)  
[[Politico]] (1)  
[[Sheldon Adelson]] (1)  
[[Republican Party]] (1)  
[[Abraham Foxman]] (1)  
[[World Jewish Congress]] (1)  
[[Canary Mission]] (1)  
[[Ben Shapiro]] (1)  
[[Benjamin Netanyahu]] (1)  
[[Breitbart News]] (1)  
[[Tel Aviv]] (1)  
[[Stop Anti-Semitism]] (1)  
[[Dave Chappelle]] (1)  
[[Spencer Klavan]] (1)  
[[Andrew Klavan]] (1)  
[[Rick Grenell]] (1)  
[[Karl Marx]] (1)  
[[Leon Trotsky]] (1)  
[[Vladimir Lenin]] (1)  
[[Frankfurt School]] (1)  
[[Christopher Columbus]] (1)  
[[Arthur Schwartz]] (1)  
[[Donald Trump Jr.]] (1)  
[[Alex Jones]] (1)

---

## Summary

Kanye West posted multiple tweets described as threats against Jewish people, resulting in suspensions from Instagram and Twitter. Nicholas J. Fuentes expressed support for Kanye West and argued Jared Kushner profited from Middle East diplomacy. PayPal reversed a planned policy to seize funds from user accounts after public backlash and a stock price drop. Louis Farrakhan has propagated anti-Semitic conspiracy theories and met with Kanye West in 2015.

---

(00:00:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] hosts the political commentary program *America First*.

(00:00:30) [[Kanye West]] posted a tweet on Saturday stating he was going "death con 3" on Jewish people.

(00:00:48) [[Kanye West]] stated in an interview on [[Tucker Carlson]] that [[Jared Kushner]] was only involved in Middle East peace deals to make money.

(00:00:57) [[Kanye West]] sent a text to [[Sean Combs|P Diddy]] on Instagram stating he would use him as an example to show Jewish people they could not intimidate him.

(00:01:16) [[Kanye West]] was temporarily suspended from [[Instagram]] for his post about [[Sean Combs|P Diddy]].

(00:01:24) [[Kanye West]] posted a tweet stating "gloves off death con 3 on JEWISH PEOPLE" and asked "who do you think created cancel culture?"

(00:01:36) [[Twitter]] locked [[Kanye West]]'s account for violating its policies following his "death con 3" tweet.

(00:02:05) A planned project between [[Kanye West]] and [[Tucker Carlson]] for [[Fox News]] was canceled following the controversy.

(00:02:09) [[Kanye West]] had a concert canceled and his assistant quit in the wake of his comments.

(00:02:22) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed his full support for [[Kanye West]] despite the controversy.

(00:02:45) [[PayPal]] planned to introduce a policy allowing it to seize $2,500 from users' accounts for violations of its terms of service, including promoting racism or misinformation.

(00:03:37) [[PayPal]] reversed its planned policy on seizing funds from user accounts after significant public backlash and a 6% drop in its stock price.

(00:05:23) The documentary *He Will Not Divide Us*, featuring [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]], premiered on Thursday, chronicling the 2017 art installation protest in [[New York City]] involving [[Shia LaBeouf]], [[Sam Hyde]], and [[Brittany Venti]].

(00:10:06) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] attended a concert in [[Lyle, Illinois]] featuring [[Bryson Gray]] and other "MAGA rappers".

(00:10:42) [[Alex Stein]] and [[Bryson Gray]] were present at the [[Lyle, Illinois]] concert attended by [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(00:12:28) [[Media Matters]] published an article describing [[Kanye West]]'s "death con 3" tweet as a "shocking threat against Jewish people".

(00:13:06) [[Kanye West]]'s controversial tweet read: "I'm a bit sleepy tonight but when I wake up I'm going DEF CON 3 on JEWISH PEOPLE. The funny thing is I actually can't be anti Semitic because black people are actually Jew also. You guys have toyed with me and tried to blackball anyone who opposes your agenda."

(00:14:47) [[Kanye West]] famously interrupted [[Taylor Swift]]'s acceptance speech at the 2009 [[MTV Video Music Awards]] to declare [[Beyoncé]] had the best video.

(00:14:54) [[Kanye West]] said "George Bush doesn't care about black people" during a televised Hurricane Katrina fundraiser in 2005.

(00:17:13) [[Kanye West]] sparked outrage in the fashion industry by debuting "White Lives Matter" shirts at his [[Paris Fashion Week]] show.

(00:17:22) [[Kanye West]]'s interview on [[Tucker Carlson]]'s [[Fox News]] program included comments about [[Jared Kushner]] that some viewed as anti-Semitic.

(00:18:18) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Jared Kushner]] profited from the Abraham Accords by starting a private investment fund that received $3 billion from Gulf states after he facilitated the diplomatic opening between them and [[Israel]].

(00:23:24) [[Ilhan Omar]] stated that Congressional support for [[Israel]] is "all about the Benjamins," referring to the influence of a well-funded Zionist lobby, a comment for which she was criticized.

(00:23:46) Academics [[John Mearsheimer]] and [[Stephen Walt]] authored the book *The Israel Lobby* about the influence of pro-Israel groups in [[United States]] politics.

(00:23:59) An article in [[Politico]] detailed how a $500 million contribution from [[Sheldon Adelson]] to the [[Republican Party]] between 2010 and 2020 reshaped the party as pro-Israel.

(00:25:38) [[Abraham Foxman]] of the [[Anti-Defamation League|ADL]] criticized [[Kanye West]]'s comments, calling them an "age-old canard" that Jews control the levers of power.

(00:29:31) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] asserted that organizations like the [[Anti-Defamation League|ADL]], the [[World Jewish Congress]], the [[Zionist Organization of America|ZOA]], and [[Canary Mission]] work to blackball individuals who oppose pro-Israel or Jewish agendas.

(00:30:34) [[Ben Shapiro]] stated that accusing Jews of having allegiance to [[Israel]] is a sign of anti-Semitism.

(00:31:44) [[Benjamin Netanyahu|Bibi]] often delivers speeches in English.

(00:31:46) The conservative news outlet [[Breitbart News]] was founded in [[Israel]].

(00:32:23) [[Kanye West]]'s assistant quit and [[Fox News]] canceled a documentary project with him following his "death con 3" tweet.

(00:33:24) [[Kanye West]]'s 2016 song "Saint Pablo" contains the lyrics: "The Jews share their truth on how to make a dime" and references [[Louis Farrakhan]].

(00:34:49) [[Louis Farrakhan]] believes Jews were responsible for undermining black emancipation after the Civil War and endorsed the anti-Semitic book *The Secret Relationship Between Blacks and Jews*.

(00:36:34) [[Louis Farrakhan]] met with [[Kanye West]] and his wife in 2015 and stated that [[Kanye West]] was "awake" to the truth.

(00:38:52) [[Louis Farrakhan]] has referred to some Jews as "the synagogue of Satan" and accused them of having "tentacles around the government."

(00:40:48) [[Tel Aviv]] is frequently cited as having a prominent LGBTQ+ community.

(00:42:25) [[Louis Farrakhan]] claimed the September 11 attacks were a false flag operation to distract from disunity after the 2000 election.

(00:42:43) [[Louis Farrakhan]] linked institutionalized pedophilia and sexual perversion in [[Hollywood]] to Talmudic principles and Jewish influence.

(00:44:02) [[Kanye West]] asked "who do you think created cancel culture?" in a since-deleted tweet, implying it was Jewish people.

(00:44:15) The Instagram account [[Stop Anti-Semitism]] called for [[Kanye West]] to be canceled following his tweets.

(00:44:56) Commentator [[Jason Whitlock]] suggested there is a pattern of the industry trying to cancel [[Kanye West]] and [[Dave Chappelle]] when they cross a certain line regarding Jewish power brokers.

(00:47:33) [[Jason Whitlock]] stated that black entertainers cannot question their "unhealthy relationship with non-religious Jewish power brokers in [[Hollywood]]."

(00:50:06) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that [[Spencer Klavan]], son of [[Andrew Klavan]], is a "gay Jew" whose husband has connections to [[Richard Grenell]], the former ambassador to [[Germany]].

(00:51:14) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that Jewish people declared war on [[Germany]] in 1933 after [[Adolf Hitler]] came to power.

(00:52:52) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified himself as a Catholic and an American nationalist.

(00:54:56) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Karl Marx]] (born Jewish), [[Leon Trotsky]] (born Lev Bronstein), and [[Vladimir Lenin]] (born Vladimir Ulyanov) were Jewish or of Jewish descent, linking them to the invention of communism.

(00:55:14) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] linked the critical theorists of the [[Frankfurt School]], many of whom were Jewish, to the development of neo-Marxism and said they were expelled from [[Germany]] by [[Adolf Hitler]].

(01:00:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Christopher Columbus]] brought Christianity to the Americas on Columbus Day, which was the day of the broadcast.

(01:07:17) The [[Zionist Organization of America|ZOA]] and the [[Anti-Defamation League|ADL]] called for [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] to be banned from platforms in 2019, which he says led to his removal from [[YouTube]].

(01:07:59) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] heard a rumor that [[Arthur Schwartz]], [[Donald Trump Jr.]]'s lawyer, urged [[Google]] to remove him from [[YouTube]].

(01:08:25) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Alex Jones]] does not focus on Jewish influence to the same extent, which is why [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] believes he faces a deeper level of censorship.

(01:11:57) [[Kanye West]], despite being a billionaire and one of the best-selling musicians, was banned from [[Fox News]] following his "death con 3" tweet.

