# AF 2021-06-26 0838

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (19)  
[[Anna Morgan Lloyd]] (4)  
[[Government of Russia]] (3)  
[[United States]] (3)  
[[Oracle Corporation]] (2)  
[[Julian Assange]] (2)  
[[Edward Snowden]] (2)  
[[China]] (2)  
[[John McAfee]] (2)  
[[Spotify]] (1)  
[[Apple Music]] (1)  
[[India]] (1)  
[[United States Capitol]] (1)  
[[Heather Shaner]] (1)  
[[Joe Biden]] (1)  
[[Royce Lamberth]] (1)  
[[University of Southern California]] (1)  
[[SCOTUS]] (1)  
[[Centers for Disease Control and Prevention]] (1)  
[[World Health Organization]] (1)  
[[Derek Chauvin]] (1)  
[[George Floyd]] (1)  
[[Iran]] (1)  
[[Israel]] (1)  
[[Gaza Strip]] (1)  
[[Netflix]] (1)  
[[Megan Squire]] (1)  
[[Vaush]] (1)  
[[Jack Murphy]] (1)  
[[Benito Mussolini]] (1)  
[[Tommy Robinson]] (1)  
[[Martin Sellner]] (1)  
[[Candace Owens]] (1)  
[[Aiden Paladin]] (1)  
[[Amy Tereza]] (1)

---

## Summary

Nicholas J. Fuentes announced a "White Boy Summer" playlist release on Spotify and Apple Music. Anna Morgan Lloyd received three years probation for her actions on January 6 after a plea deal requiring her to consume specific educational materials. A RAND Corporation and University of Southern California study concluded COVID-19 shelter-in-place policies did not reduce excess mortality. Derek Chauvin was sentenced to 270 months in prison for the murder of George Floyd.

---

(00:00:35) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced the release of the "White Boy Summer" playlist on [[Spotify]] and [[Apple Music]], scheduled for 12:00 AM Eastern Time.

(00:41:50) A 49-year-old woman from [[Indiana]], [[Anna Morgan Lloyd]], was sentenced to three years probation and a $500 fine for trespassing and disorderly conduct after walking through an open door at the [[United States Capitol|U.S. Capitol]] on January 6th for approximately five minutes.

(00:43:30) [[Anna Morgan Lloyd]]'s court-appointed attorney, [[Heather Shaner]], required her to read books including *Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee*, *Just Mercy*, and *Schindler's List*, and watch documentaries like *The Burning of Black Wall Street* and *Mudbound* as part of a plea deal to avoid jail time.

(00:45:30) [[Anna Morgan Lloyd]] publicly apologized in court, stated she "totally accepts President [[Joe Biden|Biden]] as the leader of our country," and acknowledged that people of color do not feel as safe as she does.

(00:46:10) Judge [[Royce Lamberth]], a Reagan appointee, agreed to the probation plea deal for [[Anna Morgan Lloyd]], citing her apologetic demeanor.

(02:14:19) A study published by the [[RAND Corporation]] and the [[University of Southern California]] concluded that COVID-19 shelter-in-place policies did not reduce excess mortality and may have increased deaths due to stress, anxiety, child abuse, domestic violence, substance abuse, and suicide.

(02:24:25) [[Donald Trump]] argued that the cure for COVID-19 should not be worse than the disease itself, a position later supported by the [[RAND Corporation]] study on lockdowns.

(02:48:55) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the [[Centers for Disease Control and Prevention|CDC]], the [[World Health Organization|WHO]], and other institutions repeatedly changed their guidance on COVID-19 mask efficacy, surface transmission, travel bans, lockdowns, and the virus's origin, eroding public trust.

(03:31:10) [[Derek Chauvin]] was sentenced to 270 months in prison for the murder of [[George Floyd]].

(04:51:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed his merchandise store was banned by a provider for violating terms of service against "extremist individuals," specifically for shirts bearing his likeness.

(05:01:40) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Julian Assange]] is "being tortured by the U.S. government" and that [[Edward Snowden]] remains in exile in [[Russia]].

(05:02:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued there is no meaningful difference in the persecution of dissidents between the [[United States]] and countries like [[Russia]], [[China]], and [[Iran]], citing the cases of [[Julian Assange]], [[Edward Snowden]], and [[John McAfee]].

(05:58:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized books like *Schindler's List*, *Just Mercy*, and *Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee* as tools to undermine white identity and instill shame, arguing they are part of a state-enforced "critical race theory" ideology.

(06:02:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that according to critical race theory, racism is defined as "prejudice plus power," that only white people can be racist, and that all white people are inherently racist, constructing the message that "all white people are the worst evil."

(06:58:30) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] compared the alleged "reeducation" of U.S. Capitol protesters to the treatment of Uyghur Muslims in [[China]]'s Xinjiang province, which [[United States|U.S.]] conservatives have labeled a genocide.

(07:00:08) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] declared that critical race theory, which he described as anti-white and anti-Western, is now the official "state ideology" of the [[United States]], comparable to Marxism in the [[Soviet Union]].

(07:02:40) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated, "We worship God. We kneel for God, not Jews, not blacks, not non-white people, not liberals," and argued that the contemporary focus on racism as the ultimate evil is an inversion of Christian morality centered on sin and the devil.

(07:05:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] said, "[[Israel]] is the body of Christ. Israel are the believers in Christ, not the Zionist occupation regime in [[Palestine]]."

(08:40:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] commented on a new [[Netflix]] western about a posse of black bandits killing white people, arguing it incites a race war and represents a double standard, as a film glorifying white people killing black people would not be tolerated.

(09:09:56) A viewer speculated that a female caller on *Good Morning, Groyper* was [[Megan Squire]], to which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] responded, "Megan Squire is probably into me."

(09:21:40) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he would not debate [[Vaush]] without a neutral moderator, accusing Vaush of wanting to debate on his own channel so he could talk over and mute his opponent.

(09:23:15) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] said he has "no problem" with [[Jack Murphy]] personally but disagrees with his views on white identity, noting Murphy's Jewish ancestry as part of a recurring motif of Jewish individuals opposing white identity politics.

(09:26:23) When asked if [[Mussolini]] was a Zionist, [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] replied, "I don't believe it. I think that's wrong."

(09:28:37) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] listed [[Tommy Robinson]] as "not based," [[Martin Sellner]] as "based," and [[Candace Owens]] as "based," while expressing unfamiliarity with [[Aiden Paladin]] and [[Amy Tereza]].

(09:55:58) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed skepticism about [[John McAfee]] being killed by the government over a "dead man's switch," stating, "this guy just didn't pay taxes... it seems like bullshit, honestly."

(10:22:38) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] advised high school graduates to take a "gap year" to work and save money before rushing into college, calling the latter a "huge, massive waste of time and money."

