# AF 2017-09-18 0012

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (14)  
[[Donald Trump]] (3)  
[[Paul Ryan]] (3)  
[[City of Charlottesville]] (3)  
[[Sean Spicer]] (2)  
[[Barack Obama administration]] (2)  
[[Ben Shapiro]] (2)  
[[City of St. Louis]] (2)  
[[TV Ameriqa]] (1)  
[[Samuel J. Hyde]] (1)  
[[Reagan Battalion]] (1)  
[[Saturday Night Live]] (1)  
[[Melissa McCarthy]] (1)  
[[Stephen Colbert]] (1)  
[[United Kingdom]] (1)  
[[Yahya Faroukh]] (1)  
[[Syria]] (1)  
[[Suleiman Sarwar]] (1)  
[[Iraq]] (1)  
[[Mitch McConnell]] (1)  
[[United States Capitol]] (1)  
[[Sarah Champion]] (1)  
[[Black Lives Matter]] (1)  
[[Ben Carson]] (1)  
[[Jordan Peterson]] (1)  
[[Timothy Gionet]] (1)

---

## Summary

Nicholas J. Fuentes credited the Reagan Battalion for a successful year after winning a 2017 Content Emmy award. The United States Congress passed a resolution forcing Donald Trump to condemn white nationalists and the alt-right, which Paul Ryan separately did in a press conference. Black voters went more than 90% for Democratic presidential candidates for three consecutive elections, including 97% for Barack Obama. Sarah Champion, a Labour MP, stated that Muslim rape gangs could have assaulted up to one million British children in the United Kingdom.

---

(00:00:13) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] won the 2017 Content Emmys Rookie of the Year award, an event hosted by [[TV Ameriqa]].

(00:02:17) [[Samuel J. Hyde]] called into the 2017 Content Emmys ceremony to express excitement for the content being created.

(00:02:36) Comrade Stump was considered the biggest upset of the 2017 Content Emmys for not winning the Order of Lenin award.

(00:03:08) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] credited the [[Reagan Battalion]], which he described as run by Hasidic Jews, for a successful year that included gaining a blue check mark and 10,000 followers.

(00:06:19) [[Sean Spicer]] made a cameo appearance at the mainstream Emmy Awards, referencing a [[Saturday Night Live]] sketch by [[Melissa McCarthy]] about crowd size.

(00:06:56) [[Stephen Colbert]] and the audience at the Emmy Awards harbor animosity towards [[Donald Trump]], [[Sean Spicer]], and their supporters according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(00:08:30) A black actress on the Emmy Awards red carpet stated she was "rooting for black people," which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] contrasted with hypothetical condemnation of a white person making a similar statement.

(00:09:05) Black voters went more than 90% for Democratic presidential candidates for three consecutive elections, including 97% for [[Barack Obama]].

(00:12:19) [[Ben Shapiro]] is frequently called a Nazi despite his views, which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued demonstrates the term's overuse against anyone with light skin who is not an ally.

(00:12:26) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that Zionists historically collaborated with the Nazis.

(00:16:33) The perpetrators of the botched Parsons Green bombing in the [[United Kingdom]] were identified as [[Yahya Faroukh]], a 21-year-old refugee from [[Syria]], and [[Suleiman Sarwar]], a 43-year-old refugee from [[Iraq]].

(00:18:51) [[Paul Ryan]] and [[Mitch McConnell]] did not issue condemnations following the Parsons Green bombing by refugees, according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(00:19:03) The [[United States Congress]] passed a resolution forcing [[Donald Trump]] to condemn white nationalists and the alt-right.

(00:30:30) [[Sarah Champion]], a Labour MP, stated that Muslim rape gangs could have assaulted up to one million British children, with people afraid to speak out due to fears of being labeled Islamophobic.

(00:32:39) [[Paul Ryan]] held a press conference condemning the alt-right and white nationalists, stating "that's not who we are."

(00:36:17) [[Black Lives Matter]] rioters in [[St. Louis]] engaged in three consecutive nights of violence, throwing chemicals and rocks at police and smashing storefronts.

(00:38:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] contrasted the permitted, non-violent [[Charlottesville]] rally with the riots in [[St. Louis]], arguing the former was American while the latter was not.

(00:38:52) [[Paul Ryan]] and [[Donald Trump]] stated the [[Charlottesville]] rally was "not American."

(00:43:33) [[Barack Obama]] is an example of a non-assimilated figure according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]], who argued Obama wanted to see "white America be punished" and desired historical retribution.

(00:43:43) [[Ben Carson]] was presented by [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] as an example of successful assimilation because he is "not in it for his own people."

(00:48:02) [[Jordan Peterson]] popularized discussions about the death of God and nihilism, but [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he does not believe Peterson has the right answers.

(00:50:20) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] believes the movement should return to [[Charlottesville]] one day, but not until things have calmed down.

(00:51:01) [[Baked Alaska]] is being sued over the use of the Pepe the Frog meme.

(00:54:28) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] is open to debating a streamer named Destiny on the topic of immigration.

(01:01:01) A viewer named Dan Cohen stated, "I am American. My religion is Judaism," prompting [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] to question the truthfulness of separating religion from dual allegiance, referencing "Israel firsters."

(01:01:26) [[Ben Shapiro]] stated that accusing anyone of dual allegiance is anti-Semitic.

