# AF 2022-09-09 1057

## Entities

[[Ezekiel Dejuan Kelly]] (6)  
[[Queen Elizabeth II]] (4)  
[[Charles III]] (3)  
[[North Carolina]] (3)  
[[United Kingdom]] (2)  
[[Prince Harry]] (1)  
[[Balmoral Castle]] (1)  
[[Tennessee]] (1)  
[[Facebook Live]] (1)  
[[Memphis Police Department]] (1)  
[[Southaven]] (1)  
[[Mississippi]] (1)  
[[Jim Strickland]] (1)

---

## Summary

Queen Elizabeth II died at age 96, ending her 70-year reign as Britain's longest-reigning monarch. Her son immediately acceded to the throne, becoming King Charles III. Ezekiel Dejuan Kelly live-streamed a shooting rampage in Memphis, Tennessee, killing four people before his arrest after a high-speed chase.

---

(00:26:36) [[Queen Elizabeth II]] died at age 96 after a 70-year reign, making her [[United Kingdom|Britain]]'s longest-reigning monarch and a historically significant figure whose death represented the passing of an old age of empire and monarchy.

(00:40:10) Upon the death of [[Queen Elizabeth II]], her son [[Charles III|Prince Charles]] immediately acceded to the throne, becoming [[Charles III|King Charles III]] of the [[United Kingdom]].

(00:56:68) [[Charles III|King Charles III]] chose to reign under the name [[Charles III|King Charles III]], despite historical associations with previous monarchs named Charles who faced significant challenges.

(01:11:32) [[Charles III|King Charles III]] stated that the death of his mother [[Queen Elizabeth II]] was a moment of great sadness for him and his family.

(01:27:12) [[Prince Harry]] arrived at [[Queen Elizabeth II]]'s Scottish residence, [[Balmoral Castle]], approximately an hour and a half after her death was announced, having not traveled with other family members.

(01:34:88) [[Ezekiel Dejuan Kelly]], a 19-year-old black man, went on a shooting rampage in [[Memphis]], [[Tennessee]], which he live-streamed on [[Facebook Live]], killing four people and wounding three others.

(01:50:86) [[Ezekiel Dejuan Kelly]] began his rampage by calling for help claiming a car accident and then shooting and killing a paramedic who responded to the scene.

(02:04:22) The [[Memphis Police Department]] launched a citywide search for [[Ezekiel Dejuan Kelly]] after receiving a tip, leading to a shelter-in-place order and the suspension of public bus service.

(02:09:22) [[Ezekiel Dejuan Kelly]] was arrested after a high-speed chase following a vehicle theft in [[Southaven]], [[Mississippi]], having crashed a few miles south of [[Memphis]].

(02:17:10) [[Ezekiel Dejuan Kelly]] had a prior criminal record, having been charged in February 2020 with two counts of attempted first-degree murder and pleading guilty to aggravated assault in April 2021, for which he served only 11 months of a three-year sentence before being released.

(02:22:00) [[Jim Strickland]], the Mayor of [[Memphis]], stated that the shooting spree by [[Ezekiel Dejuan Kelly]] was unacceptable and that it was no way for citizens to live.

