# AF 2022-06-09 1009

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (18)  
[[Postmates]] (7)  
[[Nick Martin]] (6)  
[[State of Texas]] (3)  
[[Dr. Evan Goldstein]] (3)  
[[New York]] (2)  
[[City of Chicago]] (2)  
[[Kanye West]] (2)  
[[Smarter Throb]] (2)  
[[Warner Bros. Discovery]] (1)  
[[In-N-Out Burger]] (1)  
[[City of Phoenix]] (1)  
[[Los Angeles]] (1)  
[[Brett Kavanaugh]] (1)  
[[Jared Holt]] (1)  
[[Christopher Mathias]] (1)  
[[Will Sommers]] (1)  
[[Daily Beast]] (1)  
[[SCOTUS]] (1)

---

## Summary

Nicholas J. Fuentes was in Texas preparing for an event while recovering from an illness he speculated was a second COVID-19 contraction following a visit to New York. He identified journalists Nick Martin, Jared Holt, Christopher Mathias, and Will Sommers as part of a cadre covering the far-right beat. Fuentes discussed a Postmates promotion for Gay Pride Month, created with Dr. Evan Goldstein and Smarter Throb, which the company described as a "bottom-friendly menu."

---

(00:48:86) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced he was back on the road in [[Texas]] for his show, [[America First]], while recovering from illness.

(01:09:14) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reported he was suffering from congestion and ear pressure after a flight, speculating he had contracted COVID-19 for a second time after visiting [[New York]].

(01:35:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[In-N-Out Burger]] was his favorite fast-food restaurant, which he could not get in [[Chicago]], making it a treat during visits to [[Phoenix]], [[Los Angeles]], or [[Texas]].

(02:13:60) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recounted that both times he traveled to [[New York]], he contracted COVID-19.

(03:34:31) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] was in [[Texas]] preparing for a major event scheduled for the upcoming weekend.

(06:59:85) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced the night's featured story would be about a [[Postmates]] advertisement related to Gay Pride Month.

(07:08:87) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] acknowledged an assassination attempt on [[Brett Kavanaugh]] but stated he did not want to discuss it.

(07:31:29) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] discussed journalist [[Nick Martin]], who covers the far-right beat and had recently engaged with his community in what appeared to be good faith.

(08:14:39) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified [[Jared Holt]], [[Christopher Mathias]], and [[Will Sommers]] from the [[Daily Beast]] as part of the cadre of journalists covering the far-right online beat.

(09:14:27) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] noted that [[Nick Martin]] was one of the journalists who correctly reported that an accusation of him watching porn was a hoax.

(09:53:17) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] referenced a tweet from [[Nick Martin]] about him wearing a [[Kanye West]]-inspired "Donda" outfit in [[Chicago]], which a left-wing user found contradictory for a white nationalist.

(10:19:51) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] quoted [[Nick Martin]]'s speculation that his admiration for [[Kanye West]] might stem from [[Kanye West]]'s support for [[Donald Trump]].

(15:55:43) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Nick Martin]] claimed to have watched his previous show and accused him of saying black people were inferior and subhuman.

(17:00:99) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] accused [[Nick Martin]] of doxing his friends for a living, citing an example where [[Nick Martin]] identified an attendee at a Dallas press conference as a white nationalist by proximity.

(40:15:64) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Postmates]], a food delivery service, had launched a promotion for Gay Pride Month by creating a "bottom-friendly menu" in consultation with [[Dr. Evan Goldstein]] and [[Smarter Throb]].

(41:20:54) The [[Postmates]] promotion, created with [[Dr. Evan Goldstein]] and [[Smarter Throb]], was described as the "world's first bottom-friendly menu" with the hashtag "eat with pride."

(47:26:77) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] read a reply to the [[Postmates]] tweet which stated, "If you're not literally helping us have sex, can you really call yourself an ally?"

(47:34:67) [[Postmates]] replied to the user, stating, "We're tired of heterosexual sex being the main focus of sex education. Homosexual sex, specifically bottoming, is all too often omitted and stigmatized. Not this year. Happy pride."

(49:02:45) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] quoted a homosexual respondent who told [[Postmates]], "You're not really an ally if you're not helping us have sex," to which [[Postmates]] agreed.

(01:06:46) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] noted that the [[Postmates]] advertisement thanked [[Dr. Evan Goldstein]] for creating the bottom-friendly menu.

