# AF 2023-09-27 1224

## Entities

[[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] (16)  
[[Twitter]] (6)  
[[United States]] (4)  
[[Elon Musk]] (3)  
[[Black Lives Matter]] (3)  
[[Anti-Defamation League]] (3)  
[[Apple Inc.]] (2)  
[[Keith Wood]] (2)  
[[Amazon Inc.]] (2)  
[[Kamala Harris]] (2)  
[[Lori Lightfoot]] (2)  
[[Michael Bloomberg]] (1)  
[[EEOC]] (1)  
[[Standard & Poor's 500]] (1)  
[[Microsoft Corporation]] (1)  
[[Facebook]] (1)  
[[Harvard University]] (1)  
[[Yale Law School]] (1)  
[[ESG]] (1)  
[[Stacey Abrams]] (1)  
[[Brandon Johnson]] (1)  
[[Adolf Hitler]] (1)  
[[TikTok Inc.]] (1)  
[[Lloyd Austin]] (1)  
[[Ketanji Brown Jackson]] (1)  
[[SCOTUS]] (1)  
[[Europe]] (1)  
[[Disney]] (1)  
[[Google]] (1)  
[[BDS]] (1)  
[[Israel]] (1)  
[[State of Florida]] (1)  
[[Curtis Yarvin]] (1)

---

## Summary

A group of Jewish leaders launched a campaign calling for a boycott of X and its removal from app stores, accusing Elon Musk of enabling anti-Semitism on the platform and citing a "ban the ADL" hashtag as a catalyst. Separately, commentary focused on corporate diversity hiring data following the 2020 Black Lives Matter protests, with Nicholas J. Fuentes claiming it represented deliberate discrimination against white people and labeling such policies as a form of "white genocide." Fuentes also alleged that powerful Jewish organizations like the ADL control American discourse and media, equating their advertiser pressure tactics to a mafia-like operation.

---

(00:18:00) A campaign titled "X out anti-Semitism" was launched by a hundred Jewish rabbis and leaders of Jewish organizations, calling for a boycott of [[X (Twitter)|X]] and its removal from the [[Apple]] App Store.

(00:26:00) The "X out anti-Semitism" campaign cited the "ban the ADL" hashtag, started by [[Keith Woods]], as a direct catalyst for its actions against [[X (Twitter)|X]].

(00:31:00) [[Elon Musk]] was accused by the "X out anti-Semitism" campaign of turning [[X (Twitter)|X]] into a hotbed of anti-Jewish hatred and of personally engaging in anti-Semitism.

(01:14:00) A [[Bloomberg]] analysis of [[U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission]] data found that in 2021, 94% of the 323,094 new hires at 88 [[S&P 500]] companies were from non-white, underrepresented groups.

(01:15:00) Following the 2020 [[Black Lives Matter]] protests, [[Microsoft]] pledged to double its number of Black managers and senior leaders in the [[United States]] by 2025.

(01:15:00) Following the 2020 [[Black Lives Matter]] protests, [[Meta]] pledged to increase its representation of people of color in U.S. leadership by 30% by 2025.

(01:15:00) Following the 2020 [[Black Lives Matter]] protests, [[Amazon]] set a goal to double its representation of Black directors and vice presidents.

(01:28:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that hiring data showing only 6% of new hires at major companies were white constituted deliberate, race-based discrimination against white people.

(01:43:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that affirmative action policies at elite universities like [[Harvard]] and [[Yale]] systematically disadvantage qualified white applicants, altering their life trajectories.

(01:55:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Environmental, social, and corporate governance|ESG]] ratings and government pressure create financial incentives for corporations to discriminate against white people in hiring and promotion.

(02:05:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized systemic discrimination against white people in hiring, university admissions, and immigration policy as a form of "white genocide" and the creation of an apartheid state in [[America]].

(02:29:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the concept of "white supremacy" was criminalized because it historically described the factual global dominance of white-majority nations for five centuries.

(02:53:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] asserted that the ultimate goal of diversity policies is to diminish white political and economic power, forcing white people into a permanent, diminished position beneath other racial groups.

(03:06:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] predicted that demographic changes would lead to the election of more politicians like [[Kamala Harris]], [[Stacey Abrams]], and [[Lori Lightfoot]], whom he described as hostile to white interests.

(03:40:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that non-white politicians like [[Brandon Johnson]] and [[Lori Lightfoot]] support policies like no-cash bail as a form of racial revenge against white people.

(03:42:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that he watches and appreciates "Hitler edits" and [[Adolf Hitler|Nazi]]-themed content on platforms like [[TikTok]], rejecting white guilt over historical figures.

(03:44:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the appointments of [[Kamala Harris]] as Vice President, [[Lloyd Austin]] as Secretary of Defense, and [[Ketanji Brown Jackson]] to the [[Supreme Court of the United States|Supreme Court]] were based on racial identity over merit.

(04:07:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized the [[Anti-Defamation League|ADL]]'s efforts to pressure [[X (Twitter)|X]]'s advertisers as a mafia-like "protection racket" designed to give the organization control over American media.

(04:25:00) [[Elon Musk]] stated that advertising revenue for [[X (Twitter)|X]] declined only in [[America]] and [[Europe]] after his acquisition, and that advertisers cited pressure from the [[Anti-Defamation League|ADL]] as their reason for pulling spending.

(04:33:00) The "X out anti-Semitism" campaign's open letter accused [[Elon Musk]] of promoting neo-Nazi ideology by engaging with the "ban the ADL" campaign started by figures it labeled as neo-Nazis, including [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] and [[Keith Woods]].

(04:42:00) The "X out anti-Semitism" campaign called on major advertisers like [[Disney]], [[Apple]], and [[Amazon]], as well as [[Apple]] and [[Google]], to defund and remove [[X (Twitter)|X]] from their app stores.

(04:58:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] compared the "X out anti-Semitism" campaign's boycott calls to the [[Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions|BDS movement]] against [[Israel]], noting that supporting BDS is criminalized in states like [[Florida]] while Jewish-led boyrets are not.

(05:01:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] asserted that powerful Jewish groups like the [[Anti-Defamation League|ADL]] constitute a "Jewish mafia" that controls [[America]] and has criminalized any discussion of Jewish power as anti-Semitic hate speech.

(05:05:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified "white genocide" and "Jewish power in America" as the two core, forbidden truths that are systematically censored from public discourse.

(05:08:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] accused Jewish figures like [[Curtis Yarvin]] and "Bronze Age Pervert" of infiltrating the dissident right to dismiss criticism of Jewish influence as "low-IQ anti-Semitism."

