# AF 2020-07-15 0641

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (9)  
[[Nick Cannon]] (9)  
[[Twitter]] (8)  
[[Paramount Global]] (4)  
[[Kanye West]] (3)  
[[Sean Combs]] (3)  
[[Donald Trump]] (3)  
[[Joe Biden]] (2)  
[[Barack Obama administration]] (2)  
[[Elon Musk]] (2)  
[[Revolt TV]] (2)  
[[Facebook]] (2)  
[[Jeff Bezos]] (1)  
[[Public Enemy]] (1)  
[[Eric Weinstein]] (1)  
[[Ben Shapiro]] (1)  
[[Bill Gates]] (1)  
[[Government of Russia]] (1)  
[[China]] (1)  
[[North Korea]] (1)  
[[Iran]] (1)  
[[Alex Stamos]] (1)  
[[Stanford Internet Observatory]] (1)  
[[Amazon Inc.]] (1)  
[[Google]] (1)  
[[MasterCard]] (1)  
[[Uber]] (1)  
[[Lyft]] (1)  
[[State of Florida]] (1)  
[[State of South Carolina]] (1)

---

## Summary

A coordinated hack compromised the Twitter accounts of Jeff Bezos, Joe Biden, Barack Obama, Kanye West, and Elon Musk, prompting the platform to disable tweets from verified accounts. ViacomCBS fired Nick Cannon from MTV for promoting anti-Semitic comments on his podcast, after which rapper Diddy invited him to join the black-owned network Revolt TV. Nicholas J. Fuentes argued the incident demonstrated a racial double standard and that major technology corporations like Twitter wielded state-like power.

---

(00:00:09) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced the start of his show, America First, on a Wednesday evening.

(00:00:44) [[Twitter]] experienced a widespread hack compromising the accounts of [[Jeff Bezos]], [[Joe Biden]], [[Barack Obama]], [[Kanye West]], and [[Elon Musk]], as well as its own support account.

(00:01:28) [[Twitter]] disabled all verified accounts from tweeting and prevented password resets in response to the security breach.

(00:02:27) [[Nick Cannon]] was fired from [[MTV]] and its parent company [[ViacomCBS]] for making anti-Semitic remarks, not for his prior anti-white comments.

(00:03:03) [[Nick Cannon]] had stated on a podcast that white people were "closer to animals," "subhuman," "less than human," and "evil," which received little mainstream media coverage.

(00:03:40) Rapper [[Diddy]] offered [[Nick Cannon]] a position on his "truly black-owned" platform [[Revolt TV]], stating "we are for our people first."

(00:11:32) [[Nick Cannon]] lost his job hosting the [[MTV]] show *Wild and Out* after [[ViacomCBS]] stated he had "promoted anti-Semitic comments" on his podcast *Cannon's Class*.

(00:14:02) On his podcast, [[Nick Cannon]] interviewed former [[Public Enemy]] rapper Professor Griff, who had claimed in 1989 that "Jews were wicked" and controlled the media.

(00:14:30) [[Nick Cannon]] told Professor Griff "you're speaking facts" regarding the claim that "Jews control the media," and added that "Semitic people are black people" and therefore "you can't be anti-Semitic."

(00:19:21) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the firing of [[Nick Cannon]] by [[ViacomCBS]] for anti-Semitism, but not for anti-white rhetoric, demonstrated a racial double standard in the country.

(00:21:28) Rapper [[Diddy]] publicly invited the fired [[Nick Cannon]] to "come home to [[Revolt TV]]," which he described as "truly black-owned," stating "we are for our people first."

(00:23:07) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that figures like [[Eric Weinstein]], [[Ben Shapiro]], [[Diddy]], and Black Lives Matter activists were not "America first" but were instead for "their own kind first."

(00:28:11) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] noted that [[Nick Cannon]] was a "militant Black nationalist" and was fired from [[ViacomCBS]] not for supporting [[Donald Trump]] but for comments about Jewish people.

(00:36:40) The coordinated [[Twitter]] hack involved compromised accounts belonging to [[Joe Biden]], [[Barack Obama]], [[Kanye West]], [[Bill Gates]], and [[Elon Musk]] posting messages promoting a Bitcoin scam.

(00:37:38) The [[Twitter]] hack did not affect the account of [[Donald Trump]], which was under "a special kind of lock and key" according to an intelligence official.

(00:38:15) American intelligence agencies initially assessed the [[Twitter]] hack was likely the work of an individual, not a state actor like [[Russia]], [[China]], [[North Korea]], or [[Iran]].

(00:39:01) [[Alex Stamos]], former chief security officer at [[Facebook]] and director of the [[Stanford Internet Observatory]], theorized the hackers obtained encryption keys to [[Twitter]]'s system.

(00:41:32) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the [[Twitter]] hack demonstrated the platform was a national security threat and that such technology companies required government regulation.

(00:42:05) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recalled stating he would not vote for [[Donald Trump]] in 2020 if the president did not address tech censorship, a position many conservatives criticized.

(00:47:22) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that [[Jack Dorsey]] may have lied in congressional testimony about [[Twitter]]'s security, based on the vulnerabilities exposed by the hack.

(00:51:52) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that private corporations like [[Amazon]], [[Facebook]], [[YouTube]], [[MasterCard]], [[Uber]], and [[Lyft]] wielded power comparable to the state and could unilaterally decide who could participate in society.

(00:58:46) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reported that [[Kanye West]] had dropped out of the 2020 presidential race after missing filing deadlines in states like [[Florida]] and [[South Carolina]], but would likely run in 2024.

