# AF 2021-04-05 0785

## Entities

[[Clarence Thomas]] (3)  
[[Nation of Islam]] (2)  
[[United States]] (2)  
[[Donald Trump]] (2)  
[[Laura Loomer]] (2)  
[[October 7th Attack]] (2)  
[[Republican Party]] (2)  
[[Brett Kavanaugh]] (2)  
[[Neil Gorsuch]] (2)  
[[Amy Coney Barrett]] (2)  
[[Noah Green]] (2)  
[[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] (2)  
[[Facebook]] (1)  
[[Google]] (1)  
[[Twitter]] (1)  
[[State of Florida]] (1)  
[[Samuel Alito]] (1)  
[[John Roberts]] (1)  
[[Louis Farrakhan]] (1)  
[[Trevor Noah]] (1)  
[[Dominion of Canada]] (1)  
[[Hunter Avallone]] (1)  
[[Vaush]] (1)  
[[Tim Pool]] (1)

---

## Summary

Noah Green, a member of the Nation of Islam, killed one police officer and injured another during an attack at the United States Capitol. Clarence Thomas argued in a Supreme Court opinion that private digital platforms like Facebook and Google possess vast power over online speech and should be regulated as public utilities. Donald Trump appointed Supreme Court Justices Brett Kavanaugh, Neil Gorsuch, and Amy Coney Barrett during his first term. Twitter permanently banned Donald Trump from its platform for glorifying violence.

---

(00:29:45) A black man who was a member of the [[Nation of Islam]] stormed the [[United States]] Capitol, killed one police officer, and injured another before being killed.

(00:41:33) [[Clarence Thomas]], in a concurring Supreme Court opinion, argued that social media companies like [[Facebook]] and [[Google]] have vast, unchecked control over online marketplaces and should be regulated as public utilities.

(00:48:25) [[Clarence Thomas]] stated that applying old legal doctrines to new digital platforms is rarely straightforward and that the power to cut off speech lies most powerfully with private digital platforms.

(00:59:35) [[Twitter]] permanently banned [[Donald Trump]] from its platform over accusations of glorifying violence.

(01:17:33) [[Laura Loomer]] was banned from the payment processor [[Stripe]], which also processes donations for the [[Republican Party]]'s WinRed platform.

(01:19:19) [[Laura Loomer]], who is running for Congress in [[Florida]], cannot access the [[Republican Party]]'s WinRed donation platform because it runs on [[Stripe]].

(01:25:11) [[Donald Trump]] appointed three Supreme Court justices—[[Brett Kavanaugh]], [[Neil Gorsuch]], and [[Amy Coney Barrett]]—during his first term.

(01:25:58) Supreme Court Justices [[Samuel Alito]] and [[Clarence Thomas]] were identified as the only reliably conservative justices, while [[John Roberts]], [[Brett Kavanaugh]], [[Neil Gorsuch]], and [[Amy Coney Barrett]] were deemed unreliable.

(01:36:08) The perpetrator of the April 2021 Capitol attack was identified as [[Noah Green]], a 25-year-old black man and disciple of the [[Nation of Islam]] who referenced faith in [[Louis Farrakhan]] on social media.

(01:36:49) [[Noah Green]] drove a vehicle into a barricade at the [[United States]] Capitol, exited with a knife, and was shot and killed by police after killing one officer and injuring another.

(01:47:49) [[Trevor Noah]] and other left-wing commentators argued that the Atlanta spa shooter's motive was racial hatred despite the shooter's confession that it was not race-related.

(01:55:47) A study from [[Canada]] showed that black people were the most opposed to getting the COVID-19 vaccine.

(02:08:28) [[Hunter Avalon]] created a video accusing [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] of defending pedophilia, while [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] countered that [[Hunter Avalon]]'s friend [[Vaush]] actually defends child pornography.

(02:10:06) [[Tim Pool]] refused to have [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] as a guest on his show despite claiming to support free speech and platforming censored individuals.

