# AF 2026-03-28 1664

## Entities

[[Iran]] (54)  
[[JD Vance]] (45)  
[[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] (28)  
[[Donald Trump]] (27)  
[[United States]] (26)  
[[Israel]] (25)  
[[Tucker Carlson]] (20)  
[[Peter Thiel]] (15)  
[[Strait of Hormuz]] (10)  
[[David Sacks]] (10)  
[[Marco Rubio]] (8)  
[[Joe Kent]] (8)  
[[Benjamin Netanyahu]] (8)  
[[Kharg Island]] (7)  
[[Middle East]] (5)  
[[Saudi Arabia]] (5)  
[[Jared Kushner]] (4)  
[[Steve Wittkoff]] (4)  
[[Persian Gulf]] (4)  
[[USS Gerald R. Ford]] (4)  
[[Miriam Adelson]] (4)  
[[China]] (4)  
[[Cozy.tv]] (3)  
[[U.S. Department of Defense]] (3)  
[[Elon Musk]] (3)  
[[Mark Levin]] (3)  
[[Turkey]] (2)  
[[Arab Republic of Egypt]] (2)  
[[Pakistan]] (2)  
[[White House]] (2)  
[[Greece]] (2)  
[[Qatar]] (2)  
[[United Arab Emirates]] (2)  
[[Kuwait]] (2)  
[[Houthis]] (2)  
[[Europe]] (2)  
[[Iraq]] (2)  
[[San Francisco Bay Area]] (2)  
[[Buckley Carlson]] (2)  
[[Central Intelligence Agency]] (2)  
[[Palantir Technologies]] (2)  
[[Rupert Murdoch]] (2)  
[[Axios]] (2)  
[[Steve Bannon]] (2)  
[[Josh Hammer]] (2)  
[[Alex Karp]] (2)  
[[Jacob Helberg]] (2)  
[[Islamabad]] (1)  
[[U.S. Department of Homeland Security]] (1)  
[[a16z]] (1)  
[[American Israel Public Affairs Committee]] (1)  
[[Timothy Mellon]] (1)  
[[Ken Griffin]] (1)  
[[Bahrain]] (1)  
[[Qasem Soleimani]] (1)  
[[Tehran]] (1)  
[[United States Marine Corps]] (1)  
[[United Kingdom]] (1)  
[[France]] (1)  
[[Kurdistan]] (1)  
[[Stanford University]] (1)  
[[Washington D.C.]] (1)  
[[Yale Law School]] (1)  
[[Fox News]] (1)  
[[Tucker Carlson Network]] (1)  
[[The New York Post]] (1)  
[[Andrew Serabian]] (1)  
[[X (social network)]] (1)  
[[Warner Bros. Discovery]] (1)  
[[Gaza Strip]] (1)  
[[Venezuela]] (1)  
[[Cuba]] (1)  
[[Republican Jewish Coalition]] (1)  
[[Las Vegas]] (1)  
[[Costin Alamariu]] (1)  
[[Piers Morgan]] (1)  
[[Conservative Political Action Conference]] (1)  
[[Ukraine]] (1)  
[[Gulf]] (1)  
[[Taiwan]] (1)  
[[Artificial Intelligence]] (1)  
[[Sam Altman]] (1)  
[[Israel Defense Forces]] (1)  
[[Red Sea]] (1)  
[[Bosporus Strait]] (1)  
[[Aegean Sea]] (1)  
[[Mediterranean Sea]] (1)  
[[Caspian Sea]] (1)  
[[Keith Rabois]] (1)  
[[Whitney Webb]] (1)  
[[Jimmy Dore]] (1)

---

## Summary

Nicholas J. Fuentes stated that the United States is on day 28 of a war with Iran. Donald Trump gave Iran a 48-hour ultimatum to open the Strait of Hormuz but repeatedly extended the deadline for diplomatic negotiations. The United States submitted a 15-point peace plan which Iran is expected to reject, and the Pentagon is considering a ground invasion of Kharg Island. Iran retaliated by closing the Strait of Hormuz and threatened to attack the energy infrastructure of multiple Gulf states if the United States targets Iranian power plants.

---

(06:26:38) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that the United States is currently on day 28 of a war with [[Iran]].

(06:26:43) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Donald Trump|Trump]] gave [[Iran]] a 48-hour ultimatum to open the [[Strait of Hormuz]] or [[Donald Trump|Trump]] and [[Israel]] would begin bombing [[Iran]]'s power plants and civilian infrastructure.

(06:26:47) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] postponed the 48-hour deadline on Monday morning, extending it by five days to Friday in an attempt to allow for diplomatic negotiations.

(06:26:50) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] extended the deadline again on Wednesday via [[Truth Social]], moving the new deadline to the following Monday, a total extension of 10 days.

(06:27:26) Mediating countries, including [[Turkey]], [[Egypt]], and [[Pakistan]], attempted to arrange a summit between representatives of [[Iran]] and the [[United States]] in [[Islamabad]], [[Pakistan]].

(06:27:28) The [[United States]] submitted a 15-point plan to end the war, but [[Iran]] has not delivered a final answer and is expected to reject it.

(06:27:34) The [[White House]]'s peace track is reportedly being handled by [[Jared Kushner]] and [[Steve Witkoff]].

(06:27:37) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that the [[United States]] is preparing for a ground invasion of [[Iran]] in the event diplomacy fails.

(06:27:37) The [[United States]] is considering an amphibious landing on one of [[Iran]]'s islands in the [[Persian Gulf]] or the [[Strait of Hormuz]], with [[Kharg Island]] being a potential target.

(06:27:53) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reported that the [[Pentagon]] is discussing the deployment of a total force of 15,000 to 20,000 troops to the [[Middle East]].

(06:27:57) The [[USS Gerald R. Ford]] is at port in [[Greece]] undergoing repairs, with speculation that the damage was caused by a missile hit rather than a laundry fire.

(06:28:26) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that a partial government shutdown has been affecting the [[Department of Homeland Security]] for roughly 60 days, causing long wait times at airports.

(06:29:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Donald Trump|Trump]] betrayed his 2024 campaign promises of "mass deportations and no new wars" by starting a war with [[Iran]] and failing to conduct mass deportations.

(06:29:11) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] observed that supporters on Twitter are using a new talking point about a "generational coalition" being squandered by the war with [[Iran]].

(06:29:42) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the real "generational coalition" in 2024 was not voters but a moneyed coalition of tech billionaires, the [[Israel]] lobby, and Wall Street bankers.

(06:29:42) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified [[JD Vance]], [[David Sacks]], [[Elon Musk]], and [[Andreessen Horowitz]] as key components of the tech money that formed the real 2024 coalition.

(06:29:44) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified the [[Israel]] lobby, [[Miriam Adelson]], and the [[American Israel Public Affairs Committee|AIPAC]] as key components of the real 2024 coalition.

(06:29:45) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified Wall Street bankers [[Tim Mellon]] and [[Ken Griffin]] as key components of the real 2024 coalition who wanted the corporate tax rate lowered.

(06:32:21) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that the [[United States]] and [[Israel]] have engaged [[Iran]] in a joint operation using only air and sea power, having bombed [[Iran]] almost 10,000 times.

(06:32:27) [[Iran]] retaliated by closing the [[Strait of Hormuz]], effectively seizing control of 20% of the world's transiting energy market.

(06:32:42) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] is reportedly considering a ground invasion of [[Kharg Island]] to seize control of [[Iran]]'s energy infrastructure rather than destroying it, to use as a bargaining chip to force [[Iran]] to reopen the [[Strait of Hormuz]].

(06:33:22) [[Iran]] threatened to attack the energy infrastructure, desalination plants, hotels, and airports of [[Saudi Arabia]], [[Qatar]], the [[United Arab Emirates]], [[Kuwait]], and [[Bahrain]] if the [[United States]] targets [[Iran]]'s power plants.

(06:33:30) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] stated he extended the deadline because [[Iran]], at its own request, wanted time for peace negotiations.

(06:33:37) Iranian officials demanded the [[United States]] scale back its demands in the 15-point plan before agreeing to meet for a potential ceasefire.

(06:33:39) Iranian officials ruled out discussing [[Iran]]'s missile program or committing to an end of uranium enrichment as a starting point for talks.

(06:35:28) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reported that [[Donald Trump|Trump]] warned [[Iran]]'s leaders in a post on [[Truth Social]] that they would pay for every bullet fired by the [[Houthis]].

(06:35:28) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reported that [[Donald Trump|Trump]] stated in the same [[Truth Social]] post that the [[Houthis]] have been "grazed" and that everything in [[Iran]] would be "blown to smithereens" if they continue.

(06:35:44) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] defined the [[United States]]' "escalation ladder" against [[Iran]], citing the assassination of [[Qasem Soleimani]], the withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and cyber attacks as steps that led to the current air campaign.Here is the chronological knowledge log derived from the monologue segment of the video transcript.

(03:39:24) After the United States launched an opening campaign of heavy strikes against [[Iran]], [[Iran]] did not buckle and closed the [[Strait of Hormuz]], effectively seizing control of global energy and embarrassing the [[United States]].

(03:39:38) The [[United States]] was unable to reopen the [[Strait of Hormuz]] because [[Iran]] possessed an abundant supply of mobile, cheap, effective drones and missiles that could be launched from long distances, a short distance, or tethered to a fiber optic cable.

(03:39:38) [[Iran]] was able to constantly produce and import more drones and missiles, making it impossible for the [[United States]] to secure a 10-to-20-mile-wide stretch of the [[Strait of Hormuz]].

(03:41:08) After a decisive killing blow, [[Iran]] expanded its territory and power rather than being defeated, surviving and coming out better off despite the [[United States]] killing its leader, dropping 10,000 bombs, and sinking its navy.

(03:41:26) [[Iran]] then controlled one of the single most important chokepoints in international trade.

(03:41:36) [[Donald Trump]] resolved to escalate the conflict in order to de-escalate, after determining within the first or second week that he could not quickly topple the regime.

(03:42:20) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] adopted a strategy of escalating the fighting to achieve a tactical victory, potentially through a surgical ground intervention on an island in the [[Persian Gulf]] or the [[Strait of Hormuz]], in order to secure a more favorable ceasefire.

(03:43:02) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] used an airstrike to bomb the military assets on [[Kharg Island]], an energy hub with Iran's oil infrastructure, rendering it vulnerable for an invasion.

(03:43:33) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] bombed the military airstrip, radar system, and anti-air system on [[Kharg Island]], taking them all offline.

(03:43:36) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] announced that there would be no further attacks on [[Iran]]'s energy infrastructure, an action that served to reassure the markets and [[Iran]].

(03:43:56) [[Pakistan]], [[Egypt]], and [[Turkey]] attempted to put together a peace deal.

(03:44:01) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] issued a 48-hour ultimatum demanding [[Iran]] open the [[Strait of Hormuz]] or face the destruction of its power plants and power grid.

(03:44:10) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] called off the ultimatum and extended the deadline before the markets opened.

(03:44:14) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] extended the approaching deadline again, amid reports of diplomatic negotiations and intermediaries.

(03:44:27) [[Iran]] was reportedly amenable to negotiations but did not want them to be public.

(03:44:41) The new deadline from [[Donald Trump|Trump]] extended to the following Monday.

(03:44:57) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] oversaw a second military buildup in the [[Middle East]], deploying another aircraft carrier and an additional 20,000 troops to the region, including 5,000 Marines and 5,000 Airborne, in the four-week stretch from the bombing of [[Kharg Island]] to the April 6th deadline.

(03:45:24) The force package being assembled by the United States was intended for what might be the biggest special forces operation ever conducted, to seize one of the islands.

(03:45:44) The [[United States]] presented a public narrative of peace talks as a ruse to build up a force posture under the cover of that story.

(03:46:12) 5,000 Marines arrived in the [[Persian Gulf]] to join the force buildup.

(03:46:17) An additional 5,000 airborne troops were deployed, with an 18-hour window to deploy anywhere in the world.

(03:46:33) A [[The Pentagon|Pentagon]] official reported that the Pentagon was looking at sending up to 10,000 additional ground troops to the [[Middle East]] to give [[Donald Trump|President Trump]] more military options, even as he weighed peace talks with [[Tehran]].

(03:46:48) The additional forces would likely include infantry and armored vehicles, adding to the 5,000 Marines and thousands of paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division already ordered to the region.

(03:47:09) [[Donald Trump|Trump]] repeatedly stated he would open the [[Strait of Hormuz]] with or without the help of US allies.

(03:47:34) The aircraft carrier [[USS Gerald Ford]] (CVN-78) was likely hit by an [[Iran|Iranian]] missile, but the official story claimed it was a fire in the laundry room, with reported damage far more extensive than initially stated.

(03:47:46) The [[USS Gerald Ford]] (CVN-78) was taken out of the picture and was being repaired in [[Greece]].

(03:48:26) Three Republican members of the House Armed Services Committee left a closed-door hearing and stated they were against a ground war, implying they had been briefed about future ground operations.

(03:48:39) [[Marco Rubio]] told US allies at the G7 summit in [[Europe]] that the [[United States]] would be at war with [[Iran]] for two to four more weeks.

(03:50:55) The plan for the operation involved an amphibious assault by the [[United States Marine Corps|Marines]] to land on an island, defended by attack helicopters shooting down drones and relocated anti-missile systems.

(03:51:32) The invading force planned to land on the island, repair the bombed runway, seize control of military facilities, and have paratroopers land on the airstrip with reinforcements and supplies.

(03:52:08) The planners of the operation expected a prolonged occupation of the island.

(03:52:23) [[Iran]] had destroyed at least 13 US bases across [[Kuwait]], [[Saudi Arabia]], [[Iraq]], and [[Qatar]], rendering them inoperable.

(03:52:56) The [[The Pentagon|Pentagon]] was accused of lying about the extent of damage to US assets, including the damage to the [[USS Gerald Ford]] (CVN-78) .

(03:53:29) US soldiers were being put up in hotels because the military bases had been destroyed and were no longer habitable.

(03:53:33) An attack on a US base in [[Saudi Arabia]] killed 13 people that day.

(03:53:39) An attack last week by [[Iran]] took out five refueling aircraft.

(03:53:43) [[Iran]] was allegedly shooting aircraft out of the sky over [[Iran|Iranian]] or [[Iraq|Iraqi]] airspace.

(03:54:08) [[Iran]] had a 600-mile coastline from which it could launch fiber-optic drones that could not be jammed.

(03:54:31) [[Iran]] was believed to be holding back its most precise and advanced missiles in order to exhaust US interceptors first.

(03:54:46) [[Israel]] knew that the mission to take [[Kharg Island]] was likely a suicide mission for the [[United States]].

(03:54:59) The [[United States]] planned initial deployments of 20,000 soldiers for the operation, with potentially more to follow.

(03:55:06) [[Kharg Island]] had a civilian population of 20,000 oil workers.

(03:55:30) The [[United States]] government was reported to be telegraphing its moves and priming the public for a large number of casualties.

(03:56:11) [[Iran]]'s parliamentary speaker publicly stated that [[Iran]] had intelligence the [[United States]] was planning to try and invade an island, and that [[Iran]] would target all the infrastructure of the Gulf country that assisted the operation.

(03:56:29) [[Iran]] was expected to escalate its response by attacking its own energy infrastructure, desalination plants in the Gulf, and Saudi Aramco, rather than let the [[United States]] gain control.

(03:56:57) The conflict was considered an existential battle for [[Iran]], which was fighting to the finish because it could not afford to lose the war and give up its missiles, nukes, proxies, and oil.

(03:58:55) If the [[United States]] lost the island operation and suffered 1,000 casualties, the response would be to escalate further, potentially involving a large coalition war with the [[United Kingdom]], [[France]], [[Kurds]], [[Saudi Arabia]], and the [[United Arab Emirates]].

(03:59:33) [[Israel]] was identified as wanting regime change in [[Iran]] and planned to fight the war to the last American.

(03:59:46) [[Israel]] stated it needed to hit [[Iran]] as hard as possible in the next two days because peace might break out at any time.

(04:00:04) [[Israel]] was accused of drawing the [[United States]] deeper into the war by encouraging escalation, reducing the number of off-ramps, and forcing the only possible path to be the collapse of the [[Iran|Iranian]] regime.

(04:01:00) The fate of the world was said to hang in the balance of whether [[Donald Trump|Trump]] could de-escalate and get a deal.

(04:01:41) [[JD Vance]] was being prepared by his allies to take over the peace talks with [[Iran]].

(04:02:30) [[David Sacks]], the AI czar in the [[White House]], became the first administration official to come out against the war, stating that the [[United States]] needed to bring the war in [[Iran]] to a close.

(04:02:48) [[David Sacks]]'s term as AI czar expired; he then became the chairman of the National Science and Technology Council.

(04:03:33) [[Joe Kent]] resigned as the director of counterterrorism under the DNI, releasing a letter stating he was against the war in [[Iran]].

(04:03:44] [[Joe Kent]] appeared on a show with [[Tucker Carlson]] the day after his resignation to discuss his opposition to the war.

(04:04:26) [[David Sacks]] was identified as a Jewish figure who had been in [[Peter Thiel]]'s orbit since 1992 when they attended [[Stanford University]] together and co-wrote a book.

(04:04:45) [[Tucker Carlson]] had known [[Peter Thiel]] since 1992, having met him in [[Washington D.C.]]

(04:04:58] [[David Sacks]] was involved with [[Peter Thiel]]'s peer-to-peer payment platform Confinity before it became [[PayPal]], which [[Elon Musk]] joined in 1999 or 2000.

(04:05:26) [[JD Vance]] was identified as a creation of [[Peter Thiel]].

(04:05:38) [[JD Vance]] considered his meeting with [[Peter Thiel]] while at [[Yale University]] to be the most important meeting of his lifetime.

(04:05:43] [[Peter Thiel]] provided [[JD Vance]] with his first job in [[Silicon Valley]] at a biotech firm, later hired him at his venture capital firm, and funded Vance's own venture capital firm.

(04:06:08) [[Peter Thiel]] provided $15 million in funding for [[JD Vance]]'s Senate campaign, while [[David Sacks]] gave $1 million.

(04:06:18) [[Peter Thiel]], [[Elon Musk]], [[David Sacks]], and [[Tucker Carlson]] persuaded [[Donald Trump|Trump]] to nominate [[JD Vance]] for the vice presidency.

(04:06:31) [[Tucker Carlson]] promoted [[JD Vance]]'s Senate campaign 45 times on [[Fox News]].

(04:06:39) [[Buckley Carlson]], the son of [[Tucker Carlson]], worked in [[JD Vance]]'s press office.

(04:07:13) [[Peter Thiel]] maxed out his campaign contribution for [[Joe Kent]]'s 2022 congressional run, and [[Tucker Carlson]] promoted Kent's campaign on his show.

(04:07:24) [[Joe Kent]] was in the [[CIA]], [[Tucker Carlson]]'s father was in the [[CIA]], and [[Peter Thiel]] was identified as a [[CIA]] contractor through his company [[Palantir]].

(04:07:38] [[Tucker Carlson]]'s network, the [[Tucker Carlson Network]], received seed funding from the Rockbridge Institute, a [[Peter Thiel|Thiel]]-funded think tank.

(04:08:23) [[JD Vance]]'s allies, including [[Tucker Carlson]], were engaged in an operation to save Vance from culpability for the war by promoting him as the negotiator who would end it.

(04:08:33) [[Israel|The Israelis]] were said to wonder if [[JD Vance]] was in their pocket, and saw [[Marco Rubio]] as the safe option.

(04:08:41) [[Israel|The Israelis]] wanted to prevent [[JD Vance]] from becoming president in 2028 and were attempting to have him and [[Donald Trump]] blamed for the catastrophe of the war.

(04:08:53) [[Israel|The Israelis]] and Zionists were said to be moving their support to [[Marco Rubio]] to replace [[JD Vance in the administration.

(04:09:16) [[JD Vance|Vance's]] people were running a counter-operation to try and make him the negotiator who would extricate [[Donald Trump]] from the quagmire, as [[Jared Kushner]] and [[Steve Witkoff]] could not.

(04:09:52) Reports emerged that the only man for the job to end the war was [[JD Vance]].

(04:10:14) [[Israel|The Israelis]] went to the press to claim that the only people who wanted [[JD Vance]] to lead peace talks were the [[Iran|Iranians]].

(04:10:59) [[Miriam Adelson]]'s paper in [[Israel]] reported that [[JD Vance]] and [[Benjamin Netanyahu]] were fighting.

(04:11:05) The [[New York Post]], a [[Rupert Murdoch]]-owned paper, reported that the only people who wanted [[JD Vance]] to negotiate with the [[Iran|Iranians]] were the [[Iran|Iranians]].

(04:11:24) [[JD Vance|Vance's]] people were lobbying [[Donald Trump|Trump]] to let Vance solve his [[Iran]] problem, while [[Israel|the Israelis]] were lobbying him not to.

(04:12:03) An [[Axios]] report stated that [[JD Vance]] was preparing to take on the assignment of steering U.S. efforts to end the war, and that he was expected to be the top U.S. negotiator in potential peace talks.

(04:12:37) [[JD Vance]] had already made multiple calls with [[Benjamin Netanyahu]] and had been involved in indirect communications with the [[Iran|Iranians]].

(04:13:29) US and Israeli sources reported that [[JD Vance]] was highly skeptical of [[Israel]]'s rosy pre-war assessment of how the war would unfold.

(04:13:52) [[JD Vance|Vance's]] advisors believed some in [[Israel]] were trying to undermine him, possibly because they found him insufficiently hawkish.

(04:14:16) [[Donald Trump|President Trump]] made [[JD Vance|Vance's]] role official in a cabinet meeting, noting that Vance was working with [[Steve Witkoff]] and [[Jared Kushner]] on the negotiations.

(04:14:21) A senior US official stated that if the [[Iran|Iranians]] couldn't strike a deal with [[JD Vance]], they wouldn't get a deal, and that he was the best they were going to get.

(04:14:34) A White House official sought to tamp down the speculation, stating that [[Steve Witkoff]] and [[Jared Kushner]] were still working their lines and the VP was ready to play his part if negotiations ripened.

(04:14:40) The [[Iran|Iranians]] needed to decide if and how they wanted to come to the table for negotiations.

(04:14:57) Administration officials suspected foreign agents of spreading the word that [[Iran]] wanted to negotiate.

(04:15:06) [[JD Vance|Vance]] advisor [[Andrew Serabian]] stated on [[X (social network)|X]] that a [[CNN]] report about [[Iran]] wanting to negotiate was evidence of a foreign propaganda op.

(04:15:16) An administration official told [[Axios]] that the narrative that the [[Iran|Iranians]] saw [[JD Vance]] as inclined to cut a deal was an Israeli op against him.

(04:15:28) White House officials began suspecting that some in the [[Israel|Israeli government]] were trying to smear [[JD Vance]] after a difficult phone call on Monday between [[Benjamin Netanyahu]] and [[JD Vance]].

(04:15:37) In the phone call, [[JD Vance]] mentioned that several of [[Benjamin Netanyahu]]'s predictions about the war, particularly concerning a popular uprising in [[Iran]], had proven too optimistic.

(04:15:50) A right-wing Israeli newspaper owned by [[Miriam Adelson]] reported that [[JD Vance]] had yelled at [[Benjamin Netanyahu]] over settler violence against Palestinians in the [[West Bank]], a story multiple US and Israeli sources said was erroneous.

(04:16:05) [[JD Vance|Vance's]] advisors suspected the erroneous story about him yelling at [[Benjamin Netanyahu]] was leaked by the Israeli side.

(04:16:20) An Israeli official denied that [[Benjamin Netanyahu]] planted the story, stating his office had denied it.

(04:16:33) The war was described as a disaster, and [[JD Vance]] was said to own the war because of his position as vice president.

(04:16:51) [[Marco Rubio]], as secretary of state, was predicted not to serve the full four years, but would be credited for the "Southern Spear" operation, the takeover in [[Venezuela]], and the forthcoming operation in [[Cuba]], not the debacle in the [[Middle East]].

(04:17:14) [[Marco Rubio]] was identified as the new favorite of the Israelis and pro-Israel Jews because of [[Tucker Carlson]]'s general anti-Semitism and his alliance with [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(04:17:38) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he did not agree with [[Tucker Carlson]]'s hatred of Jews because he is a Christian and is against the concept of "blood guilt."

(04:18:10) The Jews and Israelis were skeptical of [[JD Vance]] because of his connection to [[Tucker Carlson]] and Carlson's friendship with [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]].

(04:18:42) [[Mark Levin]], speaking at a [[Republican Jewish Coalition]] summit in [[Las Vegas]], stated that organized Jewry would be watching who associates with who and make their decisions for 2028.

(04:19:02) [[Mark Levin]]'s comments were interpreted as a demand for [[JD Vance]] to fire [[Buckley Carlson]] and disavow [[Tucker Carlson]] and the Gropers, or lose Jewish backing.

(04:19:24) Jewish money had quietly been moving to [[Marco Rubio]] since late October.

(04:19:45) At a White House meeting, 25 Wall Street donors raised their hands to indicate their support for [[Marco Rubio]].

(04:19:51) World Jewry was described as moving against [[JD Vance]] and in favor of [[Marco Rubio]], and the [[Iran|Iranian]] war was said to be the event that would bury Vance.

(04:20:11) The [[JD Vance|Vance]] faction, including [[Bronze Age Pervert]] (despite being Jewish), [[Tucker Carlson]], and a faction from within the [[CIA]], was against the war because they believed it would hurt Vance's chances.

(04:20:41) [[Joe Kent]] left the administration to endorse [[JD Vance]] in a future presidential primary, providing him with credibility as a conscientious objector to the war.

(04:21:16] The strategy for [[JD Vance]] was to turn a negative into a positive for the primary, claiming he was quietly against the war and became the lead negotiator who ended it.

(04:21:52) [[Israel|The Israelis]] were accused of poisoning the well by spreading narratives that [[JD Vance]] hates [[Israel]] and that the only people who want him to negotiate are the [[Iran|Iranians]].

(04:22:33) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that he went on [[Tucker Carlson]]'s show to extend an olive branch and convince him not to hate Jewish people just because they are Jewish, but that Carlson would not listen.

(04:23:31) If [[JD Vance]] could end the war, [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that was a good thing, and noted that if [[Miriam Adelson]], [[Rupert Murdoch]], and [[Mark Levin]] were against him, that was also a good thing for Vance.

(04:24:08) [[Tucker Carlson]], [[Joe Kent]], [[David Sacks]], and [[JD Vance]] were identified as being against the war not because they are against [[Israel]], but because they are against the war itself and against [[Benjamin Netanyahu]].

(04:24:57) [[Tucker Carlson]], when interviewed by [[Piers Morgan]] in [[Saudi Arabia]], would not commit to a position on whether foreign aid to [[Israel]] should be cut.

(04:25:16) The faction represented by [[Tucker Carlson]] and [[JD Vance]] was described as not believing that the hardliners in [[Israel]] are a faction of the regime that wants the [[United States]] to do more than is in its interest, to the detriment of focusing on [[China]].

(04:25:56) [[Tucker Carlson]], [[JD Vance]], [[Peter Thiel]], and [[Steve Bannon]] were identified as China hawks.

(04:26:02) [[Steve Bannon]] took the stage at [[CPAC]] and stated he liked [[Josh Hammer]].

(04:26:14) [[Josh Hammer]] was identified by [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] as an "Israel first Jew" with contempt for the [[United States]].

(04:26:48) [[Peter Thiel]], [[Tucker Carlson]], and the broader faction were described as incidentally critical of [[Israel]] because Israeli hardliners wanted the [[United States]] to fight [[Iran]] and not [[China]].

(04:27:05) The faction was against the war in [[Ukraine]] and the war in the [[Gulf]] because they wanted to focus military resources on [[Taiwan]] to defend against [[China]].

(04:27:32) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the biggest threat to America is not [[China]], but whatever [[Israel]] becomes after the conflict, because China has not penetrated the US system to the same extent as what he called "the Jews."

(04:28:49) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the number one national security threat is getting what he called "these Jews" out of [[AI]] (Artificial Intelligence), claiming that American [[AI]] is run by [[Sam Altman]].

(04:29:13) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that [[Silicon Valley]] is penetrated by Unit 8200 and the [[Mossad]].

(04:29:22) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes|Fuentes]] speculated that [[Israel]] wants to control the [[Red Sea]], [[Persian Gulf]], [[Bosporus Strait]], [[Aegean Sea]], [[Eastern Mediterranean]], and the [[Caspian Sea]].

(04:30:21] [[Peter Thiel]] was identified as the sugar daddy of [[JD Vance]], and [[Peter Thiel]] runs [[Palantir]] with [[Alex Karp]], who was described as a Jew loyal to [[Israel]].

(04:30:47) [[Jacob Helberg]] was identified as the first person to contribute to [[Donald Trump|Trump]]'s campaign from that world, is married to [[Keith Rabois]], and is the assistant to [[Alex Karp]].

(04:31:08) [[Jacob Helberg]] was described as a pro-Israel Jew and an AI technology advisor in the government.

(04:31:39) The plan to bring [[JD Vance]] to power was framed as the same plan to prioritize the Indo-Pacific over [[Europe]] and the [[Middle East]], but [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued it still does not solve the core problem of the [[United States]] getting its sovereignty back from Israeli infiltration.

(04:32:03) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized [[Whitney Webb]] for speculating on [[Jimmy Dore]]'s show that [[Joe Kent]]'s resignation was part of a plan to "groom far-right terrorists for pre-crime," instead of understanding the simple political operation involving [[David Sacks]] and [[Peter Thiel]].

(04:37:42) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes|Fuentes]] declared that he saw the [[JD Vance]] operation (involving [[David Sacks]] and [[Joe Kent]]) coming from "6 million miles away."

