# AF 2017-11-24 0057

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (86)  
[[Iran]] (8)  
[[Justin Trudeau]] (7)  
[[Israel]] (6)  
[[Fox News]] (4)  
[[Donald Trump]] (4)  
[[Jesus Christ]] (4)  
[[Patrick Buchanan]] (4)  
[[Ben Shapiro]] (3)  
[[Kassy Dillon]] (3)  
[[Government of Russia]] (2)  
[[Dominion of Canada]] (2)  
[[Australia]] (2)  
[[Europe]] (2)  
[[United States Capitol]] (2)  
[[United Nations]] (2)  
[[Saudi Arabia]] (2)  
[[Arab Republic of Egypt]] (2)  
[[South Africa]] (2)  
[[Young Americans for Liberty]] (2)  
[[State of Illinois]] (2)  
[[Lauren Rose]] (2)  
[[Walmart]] (1)  
[[Target Corporation]] (1)  
[[Los Angeles]] (1)  
[[British Broadcasting Corporation]] (1)  
[[Washington Post]] (1)  
[[Breitbart News]] (1)  
[[Newfoundland and Labrador]] (1)  
[[Joseph Stalin]] (1)  
[[British Empire]] (1)  
[[North America]] (1)  
[[African continent]] (1)  
[[Stephen Harper]] (1)  
[[Brussels]] (1)  
[[European Central Bank]] (1)  
[[Union of Soviet Socialist Republics]] (1)  
[[Angela Merkel]] (1)  
[[Emmanuel Macron]] (1)  
[[Theresa May]] (1)  
[[Barack Obama administration]] (1)  
[[Leadership Institute]] (1)  
[[Washington D.C.]] (1)  
[[Turkey]] (1)  
[[AFPAC]] (1)  
[[Hezbollah]] (1)  
[[Hamas]] (1)  
[[United States]] (1)  
[[Edmund Burke]] (1)  
[[Russell Kirk]] (1)  
[[Otto von Bismarck]] (1)  
[[Milton Friedman]] (1)  
[[William F. Buckley]] (1)  
[[Ronald Reagan]] (1)  
[[David Ben-Gurion]] (1)  
[[Alison Weir]] (1)  
[[Denmark]] (1)  
[[Mike Cernovich]] (1)  
[[Islamic State of Iraq and Syria]] (1)  
[[Turning Point USA]] (1)  
[[James Allsup]] (1)  
[[Northeastern University]] (1)  
[[Pew Research Center]] (1)  
[[European Organization for Nuclear Research]] (1)  
[[Theodore Robert Beale]] (1)  
[[Joe Walsh]] (1)  
[[Naples]] (1)  
[[Italian Republic]] (1)  
[[City of Chicago]] (1)  
[[Rod Blagojevich]] (1)  
[[Mexico City]] (1)  
[[Scott Greer]] (1)  
[[The Daily Caller]] (1)  
[[Robert Putnam]] (1)  
[[Samuel Huntington]] (1)  
[[Robert Kaplan]] (1)  
[[Lauren Southern]] (1)

---

## Summary

Nicholas J. Fuentes criticized modern Black Friday deals and cited videos of altercations at Walmart and Target as evidence of societal degradation. Fuentes contrasted Justin Trudeau's apology to Indigenous peoples in Newfoundland and Labrador with a perceived lack of concern for indigenous Europeans. Fuentes stated that Donald Trump had decertified the Iran nuclear deal, triggering a congressional review period, and argued Iran is considered a rogue state for threatening American allies like Saudi Arabia and Israel.

---

(00:10.380) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] hosts the nightly political commentary program *America First*.

(00:17.560) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] planned to discuss a Thanksgiving recap, Black Friday, and other topics on his show.

(00:44.460) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated his intention to "nag" his audience during the live chat due to perceived attitude in the Discord server.

(01:00.360) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] did not go shopping on Black Friday as he had wanted, because none of his friends or family wanted to go.

(01:18.040) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized modern Black Friday deals as unimpressive compared to past years, citing widespread discounts and extended store hours that diluted the event.

(02:08.720) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] pointed to videos of people fighting in stores like [[Walmart]] and [[Target]] over discounted televisions as evidence of a degraded societal state.

(03:41.360) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reported having a great Thanksgiving dinner with his grandmother, expressing relief that the turkey was not dry.

(04:28.860) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified the only major news story of the day as [[Justin Trudeau]]'s apology to indigenous people, which he contrasted with a lack of concern for indigenous Europeans.

(05:15.180) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]], while driving in [[Los Angeles]], reflected on the city's natural beauty but criticized its demographics, crime, and poverty as disgusting.

(06:08.920) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] observed that modern revenue models for websites, videos, and television, including [[Fox News]], are built entirely around advertisements and consumerism.

(07:17.240) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized the cycle of work, consumption of propaganda-filled media, and advertisement-driven spending as the essence of the neoliberal society desired by libertarians and so-called conservatives.

(08:19.740) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the consumer economic system would collapse if people simply stopped buying new goods, citing excessive personal debt and low savings among young people.

(10:18.560) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that economic and demographic trends are conspiring to create a permanent, disassociated consumer class that works but never owns anything or escapes poverty.

(11:11.800) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that while racial issues are a major part of societal problems, fundamental dysfunctions exist that are not solved by immigration policy alone.

(12:15.260) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] noted a lack of news on [[BBC]], [[Washington Post]], [[Breitbart]], antiwar.com, [[Fox News]], and Twitter, attributing it to the Thanksgiving weekend.

(12:35.080) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized [[Justin Trudeau]] for issuing a formal, ticketed national apology to former residential school students in [[Newfoundland and Labrador]], calling it a sign of a "clown world."

(13:42.000) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that forced assimilation policies, which [[Justin Trudeau]] apologized for, were common in empires like the [[Russian Empire]], where [[Joseph Stalin]] grew up, and the [[British Empire]] in [[Canada]], [[North America]], [[Africa]], and [[Australia]].

(14:53.100) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] explained that [[Justin Trudeau]]'s apology was for five schools excluded from a 2008 national apology by former Prime Minister [[Stephen Harper]].

(15:21.700) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] contrasted [[Justin Trudeau]]'s apology for making indigenous people "ashamed of who they are" with the contemporary shaming of white men in Western countries.

(16:25.080) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] noted that [[Justin Trudeau]]'s 2015 election campaign platform included reconciling grievances between Indigenous [[Canadians]] and the Canadian government.

(16:48.080) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] questioned why there is no reconciliation or apology from non-European leaders in [[Brussels]] for the indigenous peoples of [[Europe]], such as the English, Italians, Germans, Spaniards, and French.

(17:59.900) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] demanded a formal national apology from certain lobbying groups and institutions like the [[European Central Bank]] to the indigenous peoples of [[Europe]] and America for mass immigration policies.

(18:20.080) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] also demanded a national apology from the leaders of the Bolshevik [[Soviet government]] to the native [[Russians]].

(19:11.780) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that Western technocrat leaders like [[Angela Merkel]], [[Emmanuel Macron]], [[Theresa May]], [[Justin Trudeau]], and [[Barack Obama]] believe the sole function of government is to execute public services, not to embody national strength.

(19:43.520) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recounted a story from his time at the [[Leadership Institute]], where a Polish man criticized the opulent government buildings in [[Washington, D.C.]]'s National Mall, a view [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] associated with neoliberal technocrats.

(20:34.020) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] defined the neoliberal technocrat view as believing the purpose of government and nation is merely to facilitate financial transactions between merchants, bankers, and financiers.

(21:30.780) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] defended the symbolic value of imposing government buildings like the [[U.S. Congress]], arguing they represent history, culture, and values, contrary to the neoliberal desire for corporate-style structures.

(22:30.040) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited a report from antiwar.com stating that a [[United Nations]] Inspector General found [[Iran]] to be in full compliance with its nuclear deal.

(22:56.320) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that [[Fox News]] viewers often dismiss the [[United Nations]] as an anti-Semitic conspiracy.

(23:19.180) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Donald Trump]] had decertified the [[Iran]] nuclear deal a couple of weeks prior, triggering a 60-90 day period for [[U.S. Congress]] to amend it before it lapses.

(23:55.600) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Iran]] is considered a villain and rogue state primarily because it is a threat to American allies like [[Saudi Arabia]], the Gulf states, [[Egypt]], and [[Turkey]].

(24:37.160) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] contrasted the focus on [[Iran]]'s nuclear program with [[Israel]]'s possession of an estimated 300 nuclear warheads and its evasion of nuclear inspectors and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).

(25:14.960) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized the narrative from [[American Israel Public Affairs Committee|AIPAC]] pundits, the [[Ben Shapiro]] Israel lobbying group, and the "Zionist Daily Wire" about [[Iran]] being a rogue state.

(25:27.240) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] asserted there have been no [[Iran]]ian terror attacks on American soil, and that groups like [[Hezbollah]] and [[Hamas]] pose no threat to the [[United States]] homeland.

(25:52.800) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed Americans are more likely to be killed by terrorist groups affiliated with [[Israel]] or [[Saudi Arabia]] than by an [[Iran]]ian terrorist group.

(26:26.200) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] suggested [[Israel]]is have killed more Americans, if factoring in incidents like the USS Liberty, than [[Iran]]ians have.

(26:58.700) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Fox News]] conditions its viewers through repetitive narratives and opinions, which he described as a form of brainwashing.

(27:35.920) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] proposed an idea to create a video presenting quotes from the Talmud as if they were from the Quran to expose the hypocrisy of conservatives who criticize Islam but defend Judaism.

(28:31.600) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that the Talmud, the key holy text of rabbinical Judaism studied by figures like [[Ben Shapiro]], contains anti-Christian passages describing [[Jesus Christ]] as illegitimate and a false prophet.

(29:32.480) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] commented on viewer Theron Meyer's angry reaction during a live stream, seeing it as proof of opponents' mental instability.

(30:46.480) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] defined true conservatism as represented by [[Edmund Burke]], [[Russell Kirk]], and [[Otto von Bismarck]], not by [[Milton Friedman]], [[William F. Buckley]], or [[Ronald Reagan]].

(31:18.800) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] labeled Zionism as a supremacist and extremist ideology, arguing that Zionists invented modern terrorism, a point he said even early [[Israel]]i leaders like [[David Ben-Gurion]] did not deny.

(32:15.320) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recommended the book *Against Our Better Judgment* by [[Alison Weir]] for a factual account of [[Israel]]'s founding and Zionist terrorism.

(33:41.640) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] praised the documentary *Marching to Zion* for its professional production and effectiveness as a moderate, factual tool for introducing people to controversial topics.

(34:50.140) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] contrasted the approach of documentaries like *Marching to Zion* with the more aggressive, "Daily Stormer" style, advocating for disarming people with humor and factual presentation to red-pill them.

(36:26.180) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] credited [[Pat Buchanan]]'s book *The Death of the West* with beginning his turn away from libertarian conservatism, particularly its arguments about native birth rates and immigration.

(37:27.340) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recounted a powerful anecdote from [[Pat Buchanan]] about a Muslim protest in [[Denmark]] overshadowing a royal celebration, used to illustrate the demographic threat to Europe.

(38:18.180) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that traditional conservative economic policies cannot solve the fundamental demographic problems outlined by [[Pat Buchanan]].

(39:26.500) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed deep respect for [[Pat Buchanan]]'s breadth of knowledge and articulate, credible arguments, contrasting them with the uneducated angst of some extremist elements in the movement.

(41:20.520) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]], responding to a question about infighting, stated that his debates with figures like [[Richard Spencer]] and [[Mike Enoch]] were productive and necessary conversations, not harmful infighting.

(43:58.180) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that much of the infighting directed at him involved baseless accusations of being a federal agent or a Sephardic Jew, which he considered counterproductive.

(44:07.140) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that people have direct messaged him to say he was no longer their "revolutionary brother" over disagreements.

(45:08.860) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] responded to a suggestion that [[Donald Trump]] mention the genocide of farmers in [[South Africa]] by saying "normies" will never be fully "awoken" to the level the movement desires, due to intellectual hierarchy.

(46:25.520) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] agreed it would be good if [[Donald Trump]] talked about the genocide in [[South Africa]], but thought it might be too explicit, preferring his current subtle approach on issues like the NFL.

(46:58.880) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed skepticism about the idea that providing normies with documentaries and literature based on categories would be sufficient, arguing people are more subject to emotion than education.

(47:34.200) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] commented on a terrorist attack in [[Egypt]] that killed 235 people at a Sufi mosque, likely perpetrated by [[ISIS]], which considers Sufis heretics.

(48:18.980) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that mainstream conservative college organizations like [[Young Americans for Liberty]] and [[Turning Point USA]] will not take up his movement's causes because of who bankrolls them.

(48:49.800) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recounted that [[Young Americans for Liberty]] disinvited him and [[James Allsup]] from an event at [[Northeastern University]], calling them "white supremacists."

(52:56.760) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited [[Pew Research]] and [[Pew Hispanic]] polls indicating Generation Z is the most opposed to gay marriage after the traditionalist generation and that white males in Gen Z supported [[Donald Trump]] at around 80%.

(54:49.600) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] commented on the QAnon phenomenon, saying it would be a very sophisticated LARP if it were one, and referenced online threads about a "Q" supercomputer running a "White Rabbit" program at [[CERN]].

(55:55.680) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized the romanticized view of indigenous people, using [[Australia]]n Aboriginals as an example of groups with high rates of violence and rape, suggesting IQ data explains this.

(56:17.400) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]], in response to a question, stated that the solution to moral nihilism in Generation Z is [[Jesus Christ]] and the Bible.

(56:42.040) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] commented on [[Vox Day]], calling him a smart guy but unsure of his goals or allegiances.

(57:44.550) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] called former Congressman [[Joe Walsh]] a "cuck" and a "homo fag."

(57:52.530) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] denounced paganism as stupid and unserious, stating that no one who practices it truly believes in it, unlike Christianity which is based on the historical resurrection of [[Jesus Christ]].

(58:50.850) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] rejected the argument that Christianity is "Jewish," stating that anyone who says that has not read the Bible, history, or theology, and that rabbinical Judaism's Talmud contradicts the Old Testament.

(59:15.270) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated his ancestors are from [[Naples]], [[Italy]].

(01:00:01.500) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized his hometown of [[Chicago]], [[Illinois]], for high taxes, rising crime, population flight, and a Hispanic takeover of the west side, calling it a once-great city now going to hell.

(01:00:43.350) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] commented on former [[Illinois]] Governor [[Rod Blagojevich]], saying he was a criminal but shouldn't have been in prison for as long as he was, noting that immigrants who kill people sometimes get less time.

(01:01:17.810) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that modern Orthodox Judaism, based on the Talmud, contradicts the Old Testament (Torah) because it posits a secret oral tradition from God and contains passages where rabbis correct God.

(01:02:21.850) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] speculated that commentator [[Cassie Dillon]]'s strong pro-[[Israel]] stance may have been influenced by a trip to [[Israel]] or seeing [[Ben Shapiro]] as a surrogate father figure.

(01:02:42.810) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] said neoconservatives are "no good" and "should be in jail."

(01:02:48.890) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated his Mexican ancestors are from [[Mexico City]], describing them as Spanish city-dwellers, not Indians from the mountains.

(01:03:07.490) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] gave a brief explanation of the Talmud, describing it as an oral tradition compiled around 200-400 AD that serves as the law code for Orthodox Jews and contains derogatory teachings about Gentiles and [[Jesus Christ]].

(01:04:33.790) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] advised against interracial marriage, stating it creates identity crises for children and family conflicts, and that while it shouldn't be illegal, it should not be promoted.

(01:05:51.730) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he misses his "RSPN boomer days a bit," referring to his earlier time in conservative media.

(01:06:35.850) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] called commentator [[Scott Greer]] a good, smart, nice guy who works at the [[Daily Caller]].

(01:06:50.240) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he would not date commentator [[Cassie Dillon]].

(01:06:53.660) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he has never been a liberal.

(01:07:18.340) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed frustration that female commentators like [[Lauren Rose]] and [[Cassie Dillon]] have more YouTube subscribers than he does.

(01:07:30.120) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] listed books he was reading or recommended, including *Bowling Alone* by [[Robert Putnam]], *Who Are We?* by [[Samuel Huntington]], *The Clash of Civilizations* by [[Samuel Huntington]], and *The Coming Anarchy* by [[Robert Kaplan]].

(01:08:07.060) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] suggested that atheism is easier for people who have led easy, wealthy lives because they don't understand how little control they have, and that experiencing trial can lead to faith.

(01:09:01.300) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that women are the "multiplier" for the movement, and the ultimate victory for female commentators like [[Lauren Rose]] and [[Lauren Southern]] would be to produce many children.

(01:10:24.200) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he has taken a 23andMe DNA test and it is being processed.

(01:10:31.980) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] said his mother is not "red-pilled" despite him giving her books and documentaries.

(01:11:13.340) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that men who spend two to three hours a day weightlifting are doing

