# AF 2022-03-11 0956

## Entities

[[Douglas Mackey]] (35)  
[[Ukraine]] (15)  
[[United States]] (9)  
[[Disney]] (8)  
[[Government of Russia]] (6)  
[[State of Florida]] (6)  
[[Warner Bros. Discovery]] (5)  
[[North Atlantic Treaty Organization]] (5)  
[[Vladimir Putin]] (4)  
[[Ron DeSantis]] (4)  
[[Kamala Harris]] (3)  
[[Twitch Inc.]] (3)  
[[China]] (3)  
[[Volodymyr Zelenskyy]] (3)  
[[Republican Party]] (2)  
[[Joe Biden]] (2)  
[[Linda Thomas-Greenfield]] (2)  
[[United Nations]] (2)  
[[Ned Price]] (2)  
[[Yemen]] (2)  
[[Syria]] (2)  
[[International Criminal Court]] (1)  
[[India]] (1)  
[[Matt Gaetz]] (1)  
[[Darren Beattie]] (1)  
[[Bob Iger]] (1)  
[[North Carolina]] (1)  
[[U.S. Department of Defense]] (1)  
[[Kyiv]] (1)  
[[Afghanistan]] (1)  
[[Pakistan]] (1)  
[[Somalia]] (1)  
[[Niger]] (1)  
[[Cameroon]] (1)  
[[Libya]] (1)  
[[Muammar Gaddafi]] (1)  
[[Hosni Mubarak]] (1)  
[[Mohamed Morsi]] (1)  
[[Arab Republic of Egypt]] (1)  
[[Saudi Arabia]] (1)  
[[Houthis]] (1)  
[[al-Nusra Front]] (1)  
[[Islamic State of Iraq and Syria]] (1)  
[[Kurdistan]] (1)  
[[Bashar al-Assad]] (1)  
[[Israel Defense Forces]] (1)  
[[Lebanon]] (1)  
[[Gaza Strip]] (1)

---

## Summary

Kamala Harris accused Vladimir Putin of committing atrocities in Ukraine and called for his prosecution by the International Criminal Court. The Walt Disney Corporation opposed a Florida bill prohibiting classroom instruction on sexual orientation and gender identity for young students. Nicholas J. Fuentes expressed support for Vladimir Putin's military campaign in Ukraine and dismissed accusations of Russian war crimes as a false narrative.

---

(00:01:04) [[Kamala Harris]] accused [[Vladimir Putin]] of committing "unimaginable atrocities" in [[Ukraine]] and called for his prosecution by the [[International Criminal Court]] for war crimes.

(00:01:28) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the [[United States]] government was preparing the public for a false flag attack by accusing [[Russia]] of war crimes in [[Ukraine]] as a form of atrocity propaganda.

(00:02:42) [[Walt Disney Corporation]] pressured the [[Florida]] state government to oppose a bill prohibiting classroom instruction on sexual orientation and gender identity for students in kindergarten through third grade.

(00:03:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited [[Mike Pence]]'s tenure as Governor of [[Indiana]] as a prior example of corporations mobilizing to oppose state-level legislation perceived as contrary to LGBT interests.

(00:04:21) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized the [[Walt Disney Corporation]]'s opposition to the [[Florida]] education bill as an effort to protect public schools' ability to instruct children on transgender ideology.

(00:04:39) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed support for [[Vladimir Putin]] and the Russian military campaign in [[Ukraine]], which he described as a liberation from the "great Satan," the [[United States]].

(00:08:46) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reported that liberal Twitter users, mistakenly contacting a fake "Cozy Moderator" account, demanded that his platform ban a streamer named "UX" for rating [[Twitch]] channels with rhetoric they deemed racist and homophobic.

(00:09:14) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that he received an email from a user named Amber Gold asking him, as the CEO of Cozy TV, to ban the streamer "UX" for homophobic and racist rhetoric during [[Twitch]] raids.

(00:12:22) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reported receiving an email from "Amber Gold" asking if he was the CEO of Cozy TV and requesting the ban of streamer "UX" for homophobic and racist rhetoric during [[Twitch]] raids.

(00:15:55) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] described implementing a report button on his Cozy TV platform that allows users to submit reports for content containing slurs against Jews, women, black people, and gay people.

(00:17:07) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced the implementation of a new trust, safety, and moderation team for his Cozy TV platform to ensure a "safe and cozy experience."

(00:18:25) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed his Cozy TV platform had recently surpassed [[DLive]] in popularity.

(00:25:02) [[Ron DeSantis]] criticized the [[Walt Disney Corporation]] for opposing the [[Florida]] parental rights education bill, arguing that family-friendly companies should understand parents do not want transgender ideology in kindergarten classrooms.

(00:26:13) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized the [[Republican Party]] for having a "schizophrenic" messaging strategy, exemplified by [[Ron DeSantis]] invoking [[China]] in a debate about [[Disney]] and LGBT issues.

(00:26:43) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] noted that [[Matt Gaetz]]'s political strategy is influenced by his relationship with commentator [[Darren Beattie]].

(00:27:11) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Ron DeSantis]]'s policy agenda in [[Florida]] is directed by a team of courtiers within his administration.

(00:28:18) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized [[Ron DeSantis]] for countering [[Disney]]'s accusation of homophobia by invoking [[China]]'s human rights record, calling it ineffective messaging.

(00:29:57) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Republican Party|Republican]] politicians fail to oppose transgenderism on the moral grounds that it is unnatural and against Christian doctrine, instead using incremental or liberal frameworks.

(00:33:01) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] rejected the narrative that [[China]] directs American corporate promotion of LGBT ideology, arguing that companies like [[Disney]] were "evil" long before [[China]]'s economic rise.

(00:33:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the [[Walt Disney Corporation]] is "evil" for pushing homosexuality and transgenderism, which he characterized as trying to "steal your children's soul" and normalize sin.

(00:42:00) [[Bob Chapek]], CEO of the [[Walt Disney Corporation]], publicly opposed the [[Florida]] parental rights education bill and announced a $5 million donation to LGBTQ groups.

(00:42:11) The [[White House]] condemned the [[Florida]] parental rights education bill as "hateful" and "horrific."

(00:56:05) [[Linda Thomas-Greenfield]], the U.S. Ambassador to the [[United Nations]], stated that Russia's actions in [[Ukraine]] constitute war crimes, marking the first time a senior U.S. official directly accused [[Moscow]] of such crimes since the invasion began.

(00:56:51) [[Kamala Harris]] referenced atrocities committed by [[Russia]] in [[Ukraine]] and called for the [[United Nations]] to investigate possible Russian war crimes.

(00:57:05) [[Ned Price]], a [[United States Department of State|State Department]] spokesperson, stated the U.S. had seen "very credible reports" of Russian actions that would constitute war crimes, echoing earlier comments by Secretary of State [[Antony Blinken]].

(00:58:23) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] dismissed accusations of Russian war crimes in [[Ukraine]] as a "blood libel" and an outright lie, arguing the [[United States Department of State|State Department]] and [[Pentagon]] were evil institutions pushing a false narrative.

(01:02:57) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Russia]] has maintained since 2008 that [[Ukraine]] joining [[NATO]] is unacceptable, and that it is [[NATO]] that has been unwilling to negotiate on this point for 14 years.

(01:03:42) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the government in [[Kiev]] refused to honor the Minsk Accords ceasefire and negotiation process for the [[Donbas]] region for the past eight years.

(01:04:01) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Vladimir Putin]] mobilized 200,000 troops on the border of [[Ukraine]] and presented demands, including that [[Ukraine]] not join [[NATO]] and that [[NATO]] cease military drills in Eastern Europe, which the West rejected.

(01:04:56) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Volodymyr Zelenskyy|Zelensky]] cannot defeat the Russian army and that the [[United States]] will not engage in a ground war over [[Ukraine]], making continued resistance futile and leading to unnecessary casualties.

(01:05:31) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed [[Volodymyr Zelenskyy|Zelensky]] has banned fighting-age males from leaving [[Ukraine]] and conscripted them, which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized as leading his people to be slaughtered for an unwinnable war.

(01:06:32) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that if [[Volodymyr Zelenskyy|Zelensky]] cared about civilian casualties and diplomacy, he would surrender immediately and commit to [[Ukraine]] never joining [[NATO]].

(01:07:13) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] accused [[Joe Biden]] of killing approximately 30 children in [[Afghanistan]] in a recent incident.

(01:07:29) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that the [[United States]] has used the Authorization for Use of Military Force passed in 2001 to conduct strikes in [[Pakistan]], [[Yemen]], [[Somalia]], [[Niger]], and [[Cameroon]] for over 20 years.

(01:08:01) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] blamed [[NATO]] for the destabilization and civil war in [[Libya]] following the deposition of [[Muammar Gaddafi]].

(01:08:35) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that the [[United States]] overthrew [[Hosni Mubarak]] and later [[Mohamed Morsi]] in [[Egypt]].

(01:08:44) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] described [[Yemen]] as the worst humanitarian disaster in the world for 10 years due to a war facilitated by the [[United States]] in support of [[Saudi Arabia]] against the [[Houthi]] rebels.

(01:08:58) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] accused the [[United States]] of funding groups equivalent to [[al-Qaeda]] and [[ISIS]], including the [[Kurds]], to fight the [[Bashar al-Assad|Assad]] regime in [[Syria]].

(01:10:41) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Ukraine]] is a vital strategic and existential interest for [[Russia]], but questioned what vital U.S. interest is served by [[Ukraine]] joining [[NATO]], calling the unwavering U.S. position the source of the conflict.

(01:12:04) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] predicted that the [[United States]] government was setting the stage for a false flag attack to further indict [[Russia]] in global public opinion and potentially justify intervention in [[Ukraine]].

(01:12:28) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] contrasted the U.S. government's condemnation of alleged Russian civilian casualties in [[Ukraine]] with its silence on civilian casualties caused by the [[Israel Defense Forces|IDF]] in conflicts with [[Syria]], [[Lebanon]], and [[Palestine]].

(01:13:11) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] called for prayers for [[Russia]] and [[Vladimir Putin]]'s troops amid the war in [[Ukraine]].

(01:14:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] asserted that coordinated messaging from [[Kamala Harris]], [[Linda Thomas-Greenfield]], and [[Ned Price]] about Russian war crimes indicated a deliberate communications strategy decided at a high level within the [[United States]] government.

