# a16z
#Unknown

### AF 2025-09-19 1568
(01:10:00) The current framework for [[TikTok]]'s sale involves investments from [[U.S]].-based firms like [[Oracle]], Andreessen Horowitz, and [[Silver Lake]], creating a new [[U.S]].-based company to operate the app.
### AF 2025-09-30 1574
(01:06:09:71) [[Bari Weiss]] also had backing from [[Peter Thiel]] and connections with Andreessen Horowitz.


### AF 2024-10-30 1416
(53:57:370) [[Sovereign House]] is associated with "intelligence security tech firms" and individuals from [[Y Combinator]], [[Founders Fund]], and a16z.

### AF 2024-11-19 1421
(01:29:15) Prominent figures like [[Sean Maguire]] of [[Sequoia Capital]], [[Marc Andreessen]] of a16z, [[William Ackman]] of [[Apollo]], [[Jacob Helberg]], and [[Elon Musk]] shifted their support from the [[Democratic Party|Democrats]] to [[Donald Trump]].

### AF 2024-02-29 1300
(01:08:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that figures like [[BAP]] and [[Curtis Yarvin]] represent a [[Jewish]] subversion of the dissident right, funded by networks involving [[Peter Thiel]], Andreessen Horowitz, and ultimately the state of [[Israel]].

### 2026-03-28 IRAN WAR DAY 28 GROUND INVASION IMMINENT  America First Ep. 1664
(06:29:42) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified [[JD Vance]], [[David Sacks]], [[Elon Musk]], and Andreessen Horowitz as key components of the tech money that formed the real 2024 coalition.

### 2026-03-25 IRAN WAR DAY 25 Exposing The FAKE Peace Process  America First Ep. 1663
(04:33:33) [[Bari Weiss]]’s [[Bari Weiss|The Free Press]] outlet was funded by Andreessen Horowitz, which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] described as part of the “[[Peter Thiel|PayPal]] mafia” including [[Peter Thiel]] and [[Joe Lonsdale]].

### 2026-01-17 TRUMP CHICKENS OUT Trump Admin SECOND GUESSING ICE Raids  America First Ep. 1623
(03:05:25) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] described [[Benjamin Netanyahu]], [[Elon Musk]], Andreessen Horowitz, [[Griffin|Ken Griffin]], [[Marc Andreessen|Mark Andreessen]], [[Timothy Mellon|Tim Mellon]], [[Miriam Adelson]], and [[Mark Levin]] as "happy as a fucking clam" with the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] administration.

### 2025-12-10 JEWS BUY HOLLYWOOD Ellison's HOSTILE TAKEOVER Of Warner Bros Explained  America First Ep. 1611
(03:17:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Bari Weiss]] worked under [[Bret Stephens]] at [[The Wall Street Journal]] and [[The New York Times]], and founded [[Bari Weiss|The Free Press]] with money from Andreessen Horowitz.
