# Dearborn, Michigan
#city

### AF 2024-08-15 1375
(00:01:31) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced a major victory in his "GROYPER WAR 2" campaign, claiming his pressure forced the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign to make concessions. (00:01:31) The [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign rehired [[Corey Lewandowski]], the 2016 campaign manager, placing him in a senior role above advisors [[Chris LaCivita]] and [[Susie Wiles]]. (00:02:35) [[Donald Trump]] had not been holding many events in swing states and gave a press conference focused on inflation, which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized as low-energy and disconnected from urgent issues like immigration and crime. (00:05:47) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced that his supporters would begin operations in [[State of Michigan|Michigan]], with a formal deployment date to be announced the following Monday. (00:07:35) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that his campaign had received massive coverage from [[Warner Bros. Discovery|CNN]], [[MSNBC]], [[Washington Post]], and [[Newsweek]], and trended on [[Twitter]] and [[Truth Social]]. (00:08:20) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]'s campaign purchased the domain chrislacivita.com as part of its pressure tactics against the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign. (00:11:04) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign pandered to [[Israel]], [[American Israel Public Affairs Committee|AIPAC]], [[The Wall Street Journal|Wall Street]], [[San Francisco Bay Area|Silicon Valley]], minority voters, and corporations, but not to the concerns of white [[United States|Americans]] regarding immigration and crime. (00:12:58) The [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign platform included a pledge to deport [[Hamas]] radicals from universities, a move [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized as pandering to [[Israel]]. (00:13:44) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that 40,000 [[U.S.]] troops were stationed in the [[Middle East]] with over a dozen warships, and that the [[Israel|Israeli]] public was increasingly supportive of an all-out war in [[Lebanon]]. (00:14:18) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited a poll showing 87% of [[United States|Americans]] believed the border was a problem. (00:15:29) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] described [[Chicago]] as a beautiful city being destroyed by adolescent [[black]] male criminals, citing car thefts, carjackings, and shootings. (00:16:44) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed [[Donald Trump]] did not address [[black]] crime in [[Chicago]] but instead pandered to liberal [[black]] journalists. (00:18:21) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recounted an incident where a [[Republican Party|Republican]] official in [[State of Michigan|Michigan]] was shot and killed by a [[black]] man in front of his family during a walk. (00:20:25) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized activist [[Scott Presler]] for focusing on getting the felon vote, arguing that felons should be locked up. (00:23:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] described caravans of illegal immigrants marching into [[United States|U.S.]] cities like an invading army. (00:25:53) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign's decision to rehire [[Corey Lewandowski]] was accelerated by the pressure from his "GROYPER WAR 2" campaign. (00:26:04) [[Corey Lewandowski]] was rehired by the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] reelection campaign and placed in a senior advisory role above [[Chris LaCivita]] and [[Susie Wiles]]. (00:28:49) Polling showed [[Kamala Harris]] had closed the gap on [[Donald Trump]] in battleground states where [[Donald Trump|Trump]] had held wide leads over [[Joe Biden|Biden]]. (00:29:10) In an effort to disrupt [[Kamala Harris|Harris]]'s momentum, the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign ramped up ad spending, participated in public appearances, and posted on [[Twitter]] for the first [[time]] in almost a year. (00:29:36) [[Donald Trump]] was set to hold a press conference at his [[New Jersey]] golf club. (00:29:48) [[Tara Palmieri]] of [[Puck News]] reported that [[Corey Lewandowski]] told allies he was returning as a campaign chairman, a layer above [[Susie Wiles]] and [[Chris LaCivita]], because [[Donald Trump|Trump]] wanted the team that helped him win in 2016 back. (00:30:22) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] referenced a [[Daily Mail]] article stating [[Donald Trump]] wanted to fire [[Chris LaCivita]] and [[Susie Wiles]]. (00:31:25) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed a cadre of paid influencers on [[Twitter]], including [[Charlie Kirk]] and [[Jack Posobiec]], were telling supporters everything was fine with the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign, which he argued was misleading. (00:32:31) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign was losing support among non-college-educated white voters in the Rust Belt and had lost all momentum since the [[Republican Party|RNC]]. (00:38:09) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Donald Trump|Trump]]'s decision to shake up his campaign staff demonstrated he knew the race was tightening and his lead was diminishing. (00:40:11) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that bringing back [[Corey Lewandowski]] showed [[Donald Trump|Trump]] was nostalgic for the 2016 campaign energy and knew his current team was underperforming. (00:41:45) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed sources on the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign told him the decision to put [[Corey Lewandowski]] at the top was accelerated by the pressure from his "GROYPER WAR 2" campaign. (00:42:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]'s campaign got "Fire LaCivita" trending on [[Twitter]] and blew up the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign's emails, which he claimed led to the staff change. (00:43:34) [[Donald Trump]] gave a press conference in [[North Carolina]] where he stood in front of a table of groceries and complained about the price of bacon and other goods, a strategy [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized as ineffective. (00:45:30) [[Kamala Harris]] campaigned in [[Atlanta]] with the [[Migos]] and in [[Wisconsin]] with [[Bon Iver]], drawing large, energetic crowds, while [[Donald Trump|Trump]] focused on inflation. (00:46:33) [[The Wall Street Journal]] reported that in a speech in [[North Carolina]], [[Donald Trump]] complained bacon cost four or five times as much as it did a few years ago. (00:48:48) [[The Wall Street Journal]] noted that while inflation was still an issue with voters, it was improving, with consumer prices up 3% from a year earlier in July, the lowest rate since 2021. (00:50:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that to win the election, [[Donald Trump]] needed to make it a referendum on immigration, crime, and avoiding [[World War III]], not inflation. (00:51:46) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Democratic Party|Democrats]] win by turning out non-white voters and young people through identity politics and cultural issues, not economic messaging. (00:55:49) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] suggested [[Donald Trump]] should give a speech in [[Arizona]] with [[Joe Arpaio]] announcing a plan to build a 30-foot border wall funded by taxing remittances and to deport five million illegal immigrants. (00:57:09) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed [[Kamala Harris]] and [[Joe Biden|Biden]] were trying to position themselves as tough on the border, and [[Donald Trump|Trump]] should call their bluff by proposing even stricter measures. (01:00:05) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated there were 40,000 [[U.S.]] troops in the [[Middle East]] and suggested [[Donald Trump|Trump]] should campaign in [[Georgia]] on a promise not to start new wars. (01:01:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] proposed a campaign strategy for [[Donald Trump]]: talk about crime in [[State of Michigan|Michigan]], trade in [[Wisconsin]], the border in [[Arizona]], and avoiding war in [[Georgia]] and [[North Carolina]]. (01:03:40) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that his proposed campaign strategy of re-industrialization, building a border wall, law and order, and non-interventionism was the winning 2016 playbook and remained popular. (01:07:29) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign had drifted into conventional [[Republican Party|Republican]] issues like tax cuts and low inflation, which he attributed to advisors like [[Grover Norquist]] and the [[Chamber of Commerce]]. (01:13:15) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced that his "GROYPER WAR" operations in [[State of Michigan|Michigan]] would be peaceful, legal, and involve no violence, intimidation, or association with controversial symbols. (01:16:58) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he would not be doing a show the next day due to his birthday but would return on Monday to cover the [[DNC]] convention and give a "State of the Campaign" address. (01:18:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed his phone had been blowing up with people offering to get involved in the campaign, including offers of trucking services, editing, photography, and web development. (01:19:24) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced he would open a portal on chrislacivita.com for people to submit their emails or tickets to volunteer for his campaign. (01:20:45) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] declared that enlistment for his "GROYPER WAR 2" campaign would start on Monday, with a countdown to deployment in [[State of Michigan|Michigan]]. (01:25:53) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed that [[Starbucks]] was firing employees who protested [[Israel]]'s policy in [[Gaza Strip|Gaza]], similar to actions taken at [[Harvard University|Harvard]] and the [[University of Pennsylvania]]. (01:27:15) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that if [[Donald Trump|Trump]] won without disavowing new wars, he would be able to rally the country to war with media support, making opposition in 2028 more difficult. (01:29:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that the entire right wing on the internet was now split between being pro- or anti-[[Nicholas J. Fuentes|Fuentes]], making him more polarizing than [[Donald Trump|Trump]]. (01:33:34) A super chatter from [[Georgia]] reported that his [[black]] friends wanted to know why [[Donald Trump|Trump]] appeared "neutered," to which he replied that the campaign managers were "boomers on their way out." (01:34:59) A super chatter from Dearborn, [[State of Michigan|Michigan]], who identified as a Muslim, expressed support for [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] and stated he would call on the Muslim population to join the "GROYPERS." (01:38:09) A super chatter who attended a [[Donald Trump|Trump]] rally in [[Asheville]] was interviewed and criticized [[Chris LaCivita]], [[Susie Wiles]], and [[JD Vance]], which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] called "mean magic." (01:45:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited [[South Africa]] as an example of a government of resentful non-whites leading to white people being killed and raped, warning it could happen in the [[United States]]. (01:45:36) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] referenced [[Laura Loomer]] denying that he had anything to do with [[Corey Lewandowski]]'s hiring, which he argued only proved it was plausible. (01:47:06) A super chatter identifying as a [[Palestinian]] [[Christianity|Christian]] thanked [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] for speaking on behalf of [[Gaza Strip|Gaza]] and requested prayers for the [[Christianity|Christian]] village of [[Beit Jala]] in the [[Gaza Strip|West Bank]], which he said was facing ethnic cleansing by [[Israel|Israeli]] settlers. (01:48:20) A super chatter who identified as an indie game developer offered to make an "[[United States|America]] First" turn-based pixel RPG, to which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed interest. (01:49:04) A super chatter reported that on an [[Aidan Ross]] stream, [[Donald Trump]] complimented [[Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez|AOC]], saying she had a "beautiful spark." (01:49:19) A super chatter with a customer who worked for the [[Donald Trump|Trump]] campaign said many people agreed with [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] about [[Chris LaCivita]] and [[Susie Wiles]] and thought they would be fired after the [[DNC]] convention. (01:52:10) A super chatter asked if [[Donald Trump|Trump]]'s current trajectory or [[Vivek Ramaswamy]] promoting libertarianism and mass immigration was worse for the [[United States|America]] First movement; [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] said it depended on the election outcome but that [[Vivek Ramaswamy|Ramaswamy]] would be the natural successor if [[Donald Trump|Trump]] failed. (01:57:53) A super chatter asked about the potential for in-real-life action in states other than [[State of Michigan|Michigan]] and for [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]'s thoughts on "white guy tacos." (02:00:10) A super chatter from [[New Orleans]] expressed support and awaited [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]'s call. (02:03:15) A super chatter shared that his mother initially turned against [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] due to attacks from "[[Jews]] and neocons on [[Twitter]]," but after watching a clip of [[Nicholas J. Fuentes|Fuentes]]'s mother call into his show, she realized he was human and mostly supported [[United States|America]] First. (02:05:06) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] praised a supporter known as "10 Rio" as a loyal [[United States|American]] who loved the country and was an asset to the cause, despite taking abuse. (02:06:39) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized commentator [[Brandon (BAP)]] for skipping "GROYPER WAR 2" to go to [[South Korea]], calling it transnational behavior and suggesting he was looking for a specific type of companionship. (02:07:27) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] discussed commentator [[Chuck (likely Charles Johnson)]], noting his brilliant intellect but a mix of facts and wild

