# Johnny DeStefano
#person

### AF 2021-11-04 0907
(00:44:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized [[Donald Trump]]'s hiring practices during his administration, specifically naming [[Reince Priebus]], Johnny DeStefano, and [[Jared Kushner]], whose dual loyalty to [[Israel]] he cited as a failure.


### AF 2021-10-23 0902
(00:00:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] opened his program by noting a slow news day and previewing a story about a plan from the [[Trump]] administration. (00:00:47) During the [[Trump]] administration, [[Stephen Miller]] proposed deploying 250,000 [[United States|U.S]]. soldiers to the [[United States|U.S]].-Mexico border to secure it, a plan that was shut down by then-acting Defense Secretary [[Mark Esper]] before it reached [[Trump]]'s desk. (00:01:39) Former administration officials and journalists have written tell-all books revealing various unexecuted plans from the [[Trump]] administration, including a reported initial plan to pardon everyone charged in connection with the [[January 6th Attack|January 6th]] rally. (00:02:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced he would also discuss comedian [[Dave Chappelle]], who was facing backlash from transgender employees at [[Netflix]] over jokes in his new special "The Closer." (00:03:32) [[Dave Chappelle]] refused to meet with [[Netflix]]'s transgender employees who demanded an apology, stating he was a free man and would not be summoned. (00:13:55) [[Dave Chappelle]]'s latest Netflix special, "The Closer," contained criticism of the LGBTQ community and jokes at the expense of trans people. (00:14:49) [[Netflix]] executives stood behind [[Dave Chappelle]], citing his profitability, which led to protests by transgender employees outside [[Netflix]] headquarters in [[Los Angeles]]. (00:16:44) [[Netflix]] chief content officer [[Ted Sarandos]] apologized for his handling of internal dissent over [[Dave Chappelle]]'s special. (00:17:58) In a video from a performance in [[Louisville, Kentucky]], [[Dave Chappelle]] denied refusing to speak to transgender employees at [[Netflix]] but stated he would not be summoned to meet them. (00:18:47) [[Dave Chappelle]] claimed his special led to him being disinvited from showing his latest documentary at film festivals. (00:19:13) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized [[Dave Chappelle]] for framing his conflict as an issue of white racism against [[black]] people rather than a substantive critique of transgenderism. (00:20:23) [[Dave Chappelle]] believed the backlash against his jokes was an expression of white racism and that transgenderism was a bourgeois white phenomenon crowding out [[black]] suffering. (00:21:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Dave Chappelle]] was not a martyr for free speech or against cancel culture, but a "[[black]] narcissist" and a martyr only for [[black]] people and [[Black Lives Matter|BLM]]. (00:22:59) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] linked [[Dave Chappelle]]'s stance to those of [[Nicki Minaj]] and some anti-vaccine [[black]] basketball players, stating they were not allies of the political right or white people. (00:24:52) [[Dave Chappelle]] included anti-white derision and criticism of "Q boomers" in his special, according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]. (00:25:21) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed [[Dave Chappelle]]'s primary vector of attack against the LGBT community was that they are white and engaged in "white nonsense" and "white oppression." (00:26:27) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that [[Dave Chappelle]], like [[Kanye West]] during Hurricane Katrina, ultimately only cared about [[black]] people and their place in [[United States|America]]. (00:31:18) Rapper [[Boozy]] tweeted at [[Lil Nas X]], calling him a "faggot" and suggesting he commit suicide, which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] praised as a refreshing and "based" normal reaction. (00:37:20) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] introduced a featured story from the [[The New York Times|New York Times]] about a plan, allegedly hatched by [[Stephen Miller]], to send 250,000 [[United States|U.S]]. soldiers to the southern border during the [[Trump]] administration. (00:37:54) The plan to deploy a quarter of a million troops was shut down by acting [[U.S. Department of Defense|Secretary of Defense]] [[Mark Esper]] before it ever reached [[Trump]]'s desk, according to a new book. (00:38:14) [[Mark Esper]] considered the idea to send 250,000 troops to the border outrageous and believed it would undermine [[United States|American]] military readiness worldwide. (00:41:25) [[Mark Esper]] ended consideration of the border troop deployment plan after a contentious confrontation with [[Stephen Miller]] in the [[Oval Office]]. (00:41:34) [[Trump]]'s military commanders repeatedly deflected his calls to send more troops to the border, citing stretched forces and flimsy legal arguments. (00:42:28) Throughout [[Trump]]'s first term, he, [[Stephen Miller]], and other [[Joe Biden|White House]] elements were constantly asking to put the military on the border but were sabotaged by officials in [[the Pentagon]] and [[U.S. Department of Defense|DOD]]. (00:43:55) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited examples where the military defied [[Trump]], such as lying about troop totals in [[Afghanistan]] and refusing to pull out of [[Syria]]. (00:44:28) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that [[Trump]] was effectively not the commander-in-chief or even [[the president]] due to stonewalling by permanent bureaucrats and deep [[state]] officials across all agencies. (00:45:02) [[Mark Esper]] opposed the border troop plan on the grounds it would undermine military readiness for defending [[Taiwan]], [[Ukraine]], and potential wars with [[Iran]] and [[Russia]], which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] called ridiculous. (00:48:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] characterized the influx of millions of illegal immigrants as an "army of foreigners" invading [[United States|America]], sponsored by foreign countries and NGOs, and argued it required a military solution, not a law enforcement one. (00:49:48) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited coordinated caravans of tens of thousands of [[Haiti|Haitians]] arriving at the border as evidence of an invasion requiring a military response. (00:50:01) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that the next [[Republican Party|Republican]] president must deploy a quarter of a million troops to the border to build an impenetrable wall and use lethal force against anyone attempting to cross illegally. (00:51:12) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued the [[U.S. Department of Defense|U.S. military]] should be used to deport all 20-30 million illegal immigrants in [[United States|America]] by going door-to-door, as they are changing the political system and taking advantage of public services. (00:52:54) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed the only way to secure the border and deport illegal immigrants is with "an army of men with guns," advocating for [[the president]] to use the military to enforce political solutions and reshape [[United States|America]]. (00:55:59) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] suggested that a future president should fire officials like [[Mark Esper]] until finding someone who would obey orders, even if it meant appointing a random supporter from [[State of West Virginia|West Virginia]] to run the military. (00:57:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] blamed officials like [[Mark Esper]], [[Kirstjen Nielsen]], Johnny DeStefano, [[Reince Priebus]], and [[Mark Meadows]] for sabotaging [[Trump]]'s [[America First]] agenda and said they needed to be flushed out. (00:58:09) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] concluded that the [[Trump]] administration's plan to militarize the border was sad because it could have happened but was constantly shut down by the establishment.

### AF 2020-12-23 0739
(45:04:89) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] listed [[Reince Priebus]], Johnny DeStefano, [[H.R. McMaster]], [[John Kelly]], and [[Kirstjen Nielsen]] as figures who corrupted and co-opted the [[Donald Trump|Trump administration]], subverting its ambitions.

### AF 2020-10-26 0709
(02:36:35) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that personnel issues, initially overseen by [[Reince Priebus]] and Johnny DeStefano, [[who]] hired from anti-[[Donald Trump|Trump]] factions like the [[George W. Bush|Bush administration]] and campaigns of [[Marco Rubio]] and [[Ted Cruz]], were the primary reason for lack of policy progress in [[Donald Trump]]'s first term.

### AF 2019-11-11 0496
(17:08:43) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified figures like [[Reince Priebus]], Johnny DeStefano, [[John Kelly]], and [[H.R. McMaster]] as part of a cabal that had subverted the [[Donald Trump]] administration's agenda.

### AF 2019-05-21 0392
(00:24:17) Johnny DeStefano, the head of [[the White House]] Office of Presidential Personnel [[who]] oversaw the hiring of many staffers [[who]] had worked for [[Marco Rubio]] and [[Ted Cruz]] in 2016, resigned from his position.

### AF 2019-05-21 0392
(00:25:51) [[Donald Trump]] tweeted that he was sad to see Johnny DeStefano leave and that he did great work, despite internal criticism of his personnel decisions.

### AF 2019-05-21 0392
(00:26:01) According to [[Ryan Girdusky]], during a January meeting with conservative leaders, [[Donald Trump]] asked his staff why he had so many personnel issues, and Connie Hair, [[Louie Gohmert]]'s chief of staff, identified Johnny DeStefano as the culprit.

### AF 2018-09-05 0233
(00:40:54) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] identified Johnny DeStefano as the head of the [[Office of Presidential Personnel]] responsible for filling approximately 4,000 positions in the [[Donald Trump]] administration, alleging he systematically excluded pro-[[Donald Trump|Trump campaign]] staff in favor of NeverTrumpers.

### AF 2018-09-05 0233
(00:42:17) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited [[Mike Cernovich]] and over 40 sources [[who]] confirmed that Johnny DeStefano blocked pro-[[Donald Trump|Trump]] [[Republican Party|Republicans]] from obtaining administration jobs.

### AF 2018-09-05 0233
(00:43:29) Johnny DeStefano was responsible for the hiring of [[Scott Garrett]], a former [[Donald Trump|Trump]] nominee [[who]] had called [[the president]] "vile," into a position at the [[U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission]].

### AF 2018-09-05 0233
(00:44:08) Johnny DeStefano was responsible for the hiring of [[Brian Hook]], a co-founder of the neoconservative [[John Hay Initiative]] which organized a letter of [[Republican Party|Republican]] foreign policy experts refusing to back [[Donald Trump]], as a senior advisor to [[Michael Pompeo|Mike Pompeo]].
