# Paul Miller
#person

### AF 2025-09-18 1567
(00:50:57) Gypsy Crusader's origin story involved being jumped by [[Antifa]], fighting back, and then facing legal trouble that ruined his life, a pattern [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited as common for right-wing activists.


### AF 2025-07-23 1537
(01:53:05) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he does not like the content style of Gypsy Crusader, finding it too vulgar, mean, and cruel.

### AF 2025-07-23 1537
(02:43:37) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that the controversy over his 2019 collaboration with Gypsy Crusader was "bullshit," and that he realized during it that Gypsy Crusader was a "hardcore" race war advocate with whom he did not align.

### AF 2024-07-02 1347
(01:31:08) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] collaborated with [[Jason Rink]], a friend of Paul Eskandine, to find a designer for his new studio.

### AF 2022-02-04 0942
(02:27:24) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed openness to having commentator Paul Town stream on [[Cozy TV]], citing his long-standing admiration for him as an intellectual and an early influence alongside [[Beardson]].

### AF 2022-02-04 0942
(02:29:08) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized a trend of former online right-wing figures, like [[Chuck Johnson|Charles Johnson]] and Paul Town, distancing themselves from their past politics to gain respectability.

### AF 2020-12-18 0736
(01:11:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] disavowed "Catboy Cami" ([[Kami]]) and Gypsy Crusader, criticizing Cami for being an atheist, non-[[United States|American]], and for making a [[Adolf Hitler|Hitler]] speech at a Stop the Steal rally, which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes|Fuentes]] said was tactically damaging to the [[United States|America]] First movement.

### AF 2019-11-15 0500
(02:21:34) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] spoke positively about Paul Town (Lemon Face [[Ron Paul|Paul]]), calling him a very smart guy despite having had a "psychotic break on a very technical level."

### AF 2019-11-15 0500
(02:22:24) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recalled winning Rookie of the Year at the "content Emmys," an event attended by [[Samuel J. Hyde|Sam Hyde]], [[Beardson]], [[Sean Last]], Paul Town, [[Comrade Stomp]], and [[TV Qua]].

### AF 2019-02-07 0327
(01:48:20) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] made his first appearance on the "Weekly Sweat" podcast from his hotel room on the night of the [[Charlottesville]] rally, joining hosts [[Daryl Cooper|Beardson]] and Paul Town.

### AF 2018-12-28 0303
(00:40:00) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] reiterated his long-standing warning against relationships with "E-girls," referencing a song he made about the topic that was featured on Paul Joseph Watson's platform.

### AF 2018-12-20 0300
(00:52:31) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] commented on Paul Joseph Watson, stating he finds it hard to dislike him despite finding some of his jokes lacking, and acknowledged Watson had given him a shout-out.

### AF 2018-07-03 0193
(00:36:20) The mystery guest was revealed to be Paul Town, [[who]] had recently returned to [[Twitter]] and was hosting the "Paul Town Hall" podcast.

### AF 2018-07-03 0193
(00:39:05) Paul Town suggested [[Ben Shapiro]] or [[Jordan Peterson]] as ideal [[Supreme Court of the United States|Supreme Court]] nominees to institute Judeo-[[Christianity|Christian]] governing principles.

### AF 2018-07-03 0193
(00:41:06) Paul Town theorized that rapper [[XXXTentacion]]'s murder during an eclipse was linked to Illuminati and Satanic activity, warning that non-[[Christianity|Christians]] like [[Ben Shapiro]] lack divine protection.

### AF 2018-07-03 0193
(00:42:45) Paul Town expressed fear as a journalist following shootings like the one in [[Annapolis]], [[Maryland]], and stated he was stocking up on guns and ammunition for self-defense.

### AF 2018-07-03 0193
(00:46:02) Paul Town warned that child trafficking and pornography were not limited to [[Jews|Jewish people]] but also involved "creative people," and advised monitoring children's influences.

### AF 2018-07-03 0193
(00:50:15) Paul Town claimed he cut himself and smeared the blood on his face in solidarity with journalists shot in [[Annapolis]], [[Maryland]], describing their suffering as his own.

### AF 2018-07-03 0193
(00:52:52) Paul Town asserted that journalists were the true heroes of society, comparing their bravery to firefighters on [[September 11 attacks|9/11]], and argued that without them, no one would know about events requiring emergency response.

### AF 2018-02-06 0102
(00:10:18) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] discussed the "infamous" Paul Town, a SoundCloud rapper, and credited him and [[Bill Waggoner]] (Wild Goose on [[Twitter]]) with seemingly unmasking the "Raided Battalion."

### AF 2018-02-06 0102
(00:16:45) Paul Town claimed to have eight figures in his bank account just for monthly expenditures, stating that rich people paid him a ton of money to stop looking into something.

### AF 2018-02-06 0102
(01:11:07) The creator of [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]'s anniversary video called in to express concern that [[Fuentes]] had sent him mostly clips about "catboys" and Paul Town for the montage, which he found weird; [[Fuentes]] said he took creative liberty and left one of each in the final edit.

### AF 2018-01-19 0090
(37:24:46) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] said he was a long-[[time]] fan and supporter of "The Weekly Sweat," mentioning his pre-fame interactions with host [[Beardson Beardley]], Paul Town, and "cat boy" [[Sean]].

### AF 2017-12-22 0075
(00:51:11) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] credited [[Milo Yiannopoulos]] as one of the best things to happen to the alt-right for creating a funnel from mainstream conservative commentators like [[Ben Shapiro]] and [[Steven Crowder]] into the nationalist movement, a pathway also facilitated by figures like [[Gavin McInnes]], [[Alex Jones]], and Paul Joseph Watson.

### AF 2017-11-22 0056
(02:25:26) Internet personality Paul Town called into the show, joking that he had acquired an eight-figure fortune after being paid by "rich people" to stop investigating a certain topic.

### AF 2017-11-17 0053
(00:49:44) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] criticized a segment of the right for hurling attacks at the alt-right, [[Alex Jones|InfoWars]], PJW, [[Jordan Peterson]], [[Fox News]], [[Tucker Carlson]], and [[Donald Trump]].

### AF 2017-10-24 0038
(05:24:17) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] cited the ascendancy of [[Alex Jones|InfoWars]], Paul Joseph Watson, [[Milo Yiannopoulos]], [[Ben Shapiro]], and [[Mike Cernovich]] as examples of successful cultural movements, contrasting them with what he viewed as the failed mass appeal of events like the [[Charlottesville]] rally.

### AF 2017-10-23 0037
(33:20:810) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] noted that Paul Joseph Watson had 800,000 [[Twitter]] followers, [[Alex Jones]] had a million, and figures like [[Mike Cernovich]] and [[Stefan Molyneux]] had a combined massive reach.

### AF 2017-10-06 0026
(00:30:59) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that a successful political movement requires a core doctrine like pre-Vatican II [[Catholicism]] to answer fundamental existential questions and provide motivation, citing Paul Town as an example of someone lacking such a foundation.

### AF 2017-09-14 0010
(00:52:53) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] lists his favorite "shitposters" on social media, including Paul Town, [[Daryl Cooper|Beardson]], [[TV Ameriqua]], [[Quackson]], [[Comrade Stump]], [[Kantbot]], [[Dr. Studd]], [[Costin Alamariu|Bronze Age Pervert]], [[Deuce Ebola]], [[Drone Diary]], [[Cyclops]], [[Frogwave]], and [[Swagblog]].

### AF 2017-09-01 0007
(00:02:52) The [[Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals|DACA]] program, created under [[Barack Obama]], provides temporary legal status to certain undocumented immigrants [[who]] entered the [[United States]] as children. (00:03:04) Rumors circulated that [[Donald Trump]] was considering canceling the [[Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals|DACA]] program, with a final decision from [[the White House]] expected the following Tuesday. (00:03:26) [[Paul Ryan]] publicly urged [[Donald Trump]] to allow [[Congress]] to address and potentially preserve the [[Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals|DACA]] program through legislation. (00:04:20) The [[Republican Party]] had failed to repeal the [[Obamacare]] health law despite controlling both houses of [[Congress]] and campaigning on its repeal for years. (00:04:54) [[Donald Trump]] was elected on a platform that included ending [[Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals|DACA]] and removing undocumented immigrants from the [[United States]]. (00:05:19) In April, [[Donald Trump]] had stated he would keep [[Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals|DACA]], causing concern among his immigration-restrictionist supporters. (00:05:42) [[Donald Trump]] was [[known]] to test public reaction to policy ideas through back-channel rumors before making a final decision. (00:06:27) [[Donald Trump]], as [[White House|President]] of the [[United States]], has a primary duty to serve the interests of [[United States|American]] citizens over non-citizens. (00:08:46) [[Paul Ryan]] argued that [[Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals|DACA]] recipients were living in "limbo" and faced difficult circumstances. (00:11:12) In the 1980s, [[Ronald Reagan]] granted amnesty to approximately three million undocumented immigrants in exchange for promised border security measures that were never fully implemented. (00:25:38) An 88-year-old [[Germany|German]] woman named Ursula Haverbeck was sentenced to two years in prison by a court in [[Hamburg]] for [[United States Holocaust Memorial Museum|Holocaust]] denial, a crime in [[Germany]]. (00:26:40) [[Ben Shapiro]], [[Dave Rubin]], and [[Steven Crowder]], prominent figures [[who]] advocate for free speech, were criticized for not speaking out against Ursula Haverbeck's imprisonment. (00:28:30) [[United States Holocaust Memorial Museum|Holocaust]] denial is a criminal offense in 13 countries, including [[Germany]]. (00:31:19) [[Ben Shapiro]] built a multi-million dollar media career primarily on advocating for free speech and open discourse. (00:31:35) [[Ben Shapiro]]'s career was allegedly advanced through nepotistic connections, including his father's assistance in securing jobs and a book deal. (00:32:02) [[Ben Shapiro]]'s public platform frequently focuses on themes of free speech, civil discourse, and the open exchange of ideas. (00:35:50) [[Amazon Inc.|Amazon]]'s acquisition of [[Whole Foods]] was quickly approved by the [[U.S. Antitrust Commission]], which had several vacant seats at the [[time]]. (00:40:29) Support for mass immigration among both the [[Democratic Party]] and the [[Republican Party]] is driven by [[Democratic Party|Democrats]] seeking new voters and [[Republican Party|Republicans]] seeking cheap labor for corporate donors. (00:40:45) [[Cabot Phillips]], a commentator for [[Campus Reform]], supports immigration policies favored by the [[Leadership Institute]] and its corporate donors [[who]] benefit from low-skilled labor. (00:43:10) [[Ben Shapiro]] and others at [[The Daily Wire]] refuse to debate members of the alt-right, despite building their brands on free speech principles. (00:44:21) [[Michael J. Knowles]] of [[The Daily Wire]] had previously interviewed [[James Allsup]]. (00:44:58) On [[Dave Rubin|The Rubin Report]], [[Ben Shapiro]] stated that "real racists" should have their careers and families destroyed through public shaming. (00:45:02) [[Paul Ryan]] opposed [[Donald Trump]]'s agenda due to lobbying influence, establishment politics, and his own presidential ambitions within the [[Republican Party]]. (00:47:24) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] planned to have guests like [[Faith Goldy]], Paul Town, [[Paul Nehlen]], and possibly [[Richard Spencer]] on future episodes of his show. (00:48:47) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] made a bet with Phil Swanson that he would be confronted by a social justice warrior within six weeks of attending classes at [[Auburn University]]. (00:48:57) If he were [[president]], [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] would immediately terminate [[Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals|DACA]], triple the size of [[U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement|ICE]], and prosecute governors of sanctuary cities. (00:50:50) [[Faith Goldy]] demonstrated courage by appearing on [[The Daily Stormer]] podcast and reporting from the [[Charlottesville rally]] despite significant backlash. (00:51:18) [[Ezra Levant]] of [[The Rebel Media|Rebel Media]] was defended by [[Faith Goldy]] during an internal controversy at the outlet, a stance [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] disagreed with. (00:52:52) [[Ronald Reagan]]'s hawkish foreign policy and military expansion were a necessary response to the threat posed by the [[Soviet Union]] under leaders like [[Leonid Brezhnev]] and [[Yuri Andropov]]. (00:54:47) [[Thomas Aquinas|St. Thomas Aquinas]] provided sophisticated philosophical arguments for the existence of God and the truth of [[Christianity]] that far surpass the critiques of modern atheists like [[Richard Dawkins]] and [[Christopher Hitchens]]. (00:55:34) [[Christopher Hitchens]] typically debated mainstream [[Christianity|Christian]] figures on television rather than engaging with the philosophical arguments of giants like [[Thomas Aquinas|St. Thomas Aquinas]]. (00:56:56) [[Martin Luther]]'s Protestant Reformation played an important cultural role in Western history, according to historian [[Jacques Barzun]]. (01:00:52) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] receives frequent unsolicited emails from viewers containing elaborate but impractical plans for political projects, stage plays, and economic models. (01:02:50) The alt-right conspiracy theory posits that a secret, omnipotent cabal controls world events and silences dissenters, yet demands public figures explicitly oppose it. (01:02:55) [[Barack Obama]]'s rapid withdrawal of troops from [[Iraq]] created a power vacuum that contributed to the rise of the [[Islamic State of Iraq and Syria|ISIS]] terrorist group. (01:03:24) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] expressed interest in interviewing [[Timothy Gionet|Baked Alaska]] following his involvement in the [[Charlottesville rally]]. (01:04:39) [[Christopher Cantwell]] faced up to 60 years in prison for pepper-spraying a counter-protester at the [[Charlottesville rally]], a sentence critics deemed excessively harsh for a political activist. (01:06:06) [[Donald Trump]] joked that he would build a border wall using the skulls of transgender people. (01:06:12) [[Jesse Jackson]] claimed [[Donald Trump]] would not get into heaven because of his immigration policies. (01:06:24) Secession of states like [[State of California|California]] or [[State of Texas|Texas]] is unrealistic because the federal government relies on their massive economic contributions through tax revenue. (01:06:30) The [[Civil War|American Civil War]] was fundamentally fought over tax revenue, as Southern states provided 70% of federal tariff income before seceding. (01:07:08) A military solution involving [[China]], [[State of Japan|Japan]], [[Russia]], and the [[Philippines]] may be necessary to eliminate the nuclear threat from [[North Korea]] if diplomacy fails. (01:08:15) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] and [[James Allsup]] position themselves as creators of a positive, ideologically coherent alternative to what they see as the opportunistic critique of figures like [[Ben Shapiro]]. (01:09:01) [[Millennial Matt]] is considered a good-hearted and humorous figure within the online political sphere, though his views sometimes fall outside the mainstream Overton window. (01:10:58) Paul Town is regarded as a sincere and well-intentioned activist, in contrast to many others in politics [[who]] are seen as opportunistic. (01:11:27) [[Richard Spencer]]'s alt-right strategy employs controversial [[Germany|Nazi]] and [[Ku Klux Klan|KKK]] aesthetics to create an exclusive movement, but its effectiveness in achieving political change is questioned. (01:14:12) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] was suspended from [[Twitter]] for posting a meme that [[Kassy Dillon|Cassie Dillon]] interpreted as a threat, leading her to contact his employer. (01:15:34) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] and [[Rightside Broadcasting]] parted ways mutually after the [[Charlottesville rally]], as his controversial political movement was incompatible with their need for access to [[Donald Trump]]'s [[White House]]. (01:17:16) [[Samuel J. Hyde|Sam Hyde]] is a controversial comedian considered dangerous by some for his edgy content. (01:19:44) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] is a fan of [[France|French]] nationalist politician [[Marine Le Pen]]. (01:19:53) [[Alex Jones]] is seen as lacking a coherent political ideology despite his influential media platform. (01:20:33) [[Robert E. Lee]] was related to a wide array of historical figures, including boxer [[Muhammad Ali]]. (01:22:51) [[The Young Turks|Cenk Uygur]] of [[The Young Turks]] produced a critical segment about [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]], calling him "smug." (01:23:13) [[Woodrow Wilson]] established the [[Federal Reserve]], instituted the federal income tax, and led the [[United States]] into [[World War III|World War I]]. (01:23:30) [[Louis Brandeis]], a [[Supreme Court of the United States|Supreme Court]] Justice and close advisor to [[Woodrow Wilson]], was allegedly involved in brokering a deal for [[United States|U.S.]] entry into [[World War III|World War I]] in exchange for [[United Kingdom|British]] support for a [[Jews|Jewish]] homeland. (01:25:25) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] advocates for a "responsible [[Christianity|Christian]] capitalism" rather than socialism. (01:28:30) [[Frame Game Radio]] is recognized as one of the most original and insightful creators of political content on [[Twitter]]. (01:28:50) The "Fourteen Words" white supremacist slogan is framed as no different from the rallying cries of groups like [[Black Lives Matter]], [[La Raza]], or the [[Council on American-Islamic Relations]]. (01:29:12) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] rejects fascism and national socialism but is open to authoritarianism, hierarchy, and aristocracy, and opposes democracy as a failed system. (01:30:08) Critics [[who]] advocate "punching right" at other conservatives are accused of lacking strategic thought and contributing to the overwhelming opposition already faced by the right from banks, government, and the [[Republican Party]]. (01:32:06) [[Julian Assange]], though left-leaning, serves a valuable purpose by challenging the establishment through [[WikiLeaks]]. (01:33:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] scored a 34 on the ACT college entrance exam. (01:33:37) Recommended books for the movement include *Death of the [[Kanye West|West]]* by [[Patrick Buchanan|Pat Buchanan]], *Summa Theologica* by [[Thomas Aquinas|St. Thomas Aquinas]], and works by [[Samuel Huntington|Samuel P. Huntington]], [[Robert D. Kaplan]], and [[Julius Evola]]. (01:36:20) The triumph of modernist empiricism and rationalism in the 20th and 21st centuries has led to widespread spiritual misery, contrary to its promises of human flourishing. (01:37:24) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] is of mixed Italian, Mexican, and [[Ireland|Irish]] ancestry. (01:40:06) The [[Catholic Church]] has been plagued by institutional corruption and pedophilia scandals, potentially linked to the reforms of [[Vatican II]] or [[Freemasonry]] infiltration. (01:40:44) Post-[[Vatican II]] [[Catholic]] Masses conducted in the vernacular often feature mundane homilies that detract from the sacredness of the ritual, unlike the traditional [[Latin Mass]]. (01:42:30) The most efficient method for dealing with communists is "physical removal," a euphemism for violent repression. (01:42:52) [[Islam]] is on a demographic trajectory to potentially conquer [[Europe]] due to mass migration and high birth rates. (01:43:14) Just as [[Israel]] was created as a [[Jews|Jewish]] homeland, [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] suggested it might be [[time]] for a [[Christianity|Christian]] reconquest of [[Constantinople]] and [[Anatolia]]. (01:46:20) [[Aaron Bandler]] of [[The Daily Wire]] accused [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] of antisemitism for stating that many early [[Bolshevik Party|Bolshevik]] leaders were ethnically [[Jews|Jewish]], a historical fact exemplified by figures like [[Leon Trotsky]] (born Lev Bronstein). (01:48:20) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] attributed his successful first week on his independent show to the support of online figures like [[Swag Blog]], Paul Town, [[Daryl Cooper|Beardson]], [[Wild Goose]], [[Andrew Quackson]], [[Spaceboys]], and [[Stevie Chats]]. (01:48:54) The takedown of the [[Reagan Battalion]] account demonstrated that organized online activists could overcome opponents with alleged high-level connections and resources.

### 2026-01-31 EPSTEIN FILE DUMP WILD New Allegations In LEAKED EPSTEIN FILES  America First Ep. 1632
(04:11:27.170) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] declared, "even the far left is the far right," and that the political spectrum is from them to Gypsy Crusader.

### 2025-12-09 PIERS MORGAN DESTROYED LIBERAL BOOMER DESTROYED BY GENERATIONAL RUN  America First Ep. 1610
(02:58:53:17) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that clips of Gypsy Crusader and [[Artificial Intelligence|AI]]-translated [[Adolf Hitler|Hitler]] speeches go mega viral on [[TikTok Inc.|TikTok]] and [[Instagram]], showing people are "past that sort of thing."
