# Sergey Lavrov
#person

### AF 2025-10-10 1579
(01:19:00:31) [[Jackson Hinkle]] was cited as an example of [[Russian Federation|Russian]] influence, having dated a [[Russian Federation|Russian]] pageant winner and reportedly received investment tips from Sergey Lavrov.
### AF 2025-10-22 1584
(00:04:15) A planned high-level meeting between [[Marco Rubio]] and Sergey Lavrov, and a subsequent summit between [[Donald Trump]] and [[Vladimir Putin]] in [[Budapest]], were canceled.

(01:05:46) A planned meeting between [[Marco Rubio]] and Sergey Lavrov was postponed, and a summit between [[Donald Trump]] and [[Vladimir Putin]] in [[Budapest]] was canceled.

### AF 2025-08-14 1550
(00:27:59) Upon taking office, [[Donald Trump]] immediately sought to thaw relations with [[Russian Federation|Russia]] by sending [[Marco Rubio]] to meet with Sergey Lavrov in [[Saudi Arabia]], re-establishing embassies and diplomatic protocols.

### AF 2023-04-11 1145
(00:30:52) [[Joe Biden]] ended the war in [[Afghanistan]] in August 2021, withdrawing [[United States|U.S]]. troops despite criticism over abandoned equipment and civilians. (00:56:57) [[Joe Biden]] ended the national COVID-19 public health emergency on April 10, 2023, signing [[House]] Joint Resolution 7, a bill sponsored by [[Paul Gosar]]. (01:10:95) [[Donald Trump]] declared the COVID-19 national emergency on March 13, 2020, after the [[World Health Organization]] declared the virus a pandemic. (01:39:73) [[Paul Gosar]] sponsored [[House]] Joint Resolution 7, the bill that terminated the national emergency concerning the COVID-19 pandemic. (02:20:11) The [[Tennessee]] [[House of Representatives]], controlled by [[Republican Party|Republicans]], expelled two [[Black]] [[Democratic Party|Democratic]] state representatives, [[Justin Jones]] and [[Justin Pearson]], for violating chamber decorum during a gun control protest. (03:47:97) The [[Nashville]] Metropolitan Council voted unanimously to reinstate [[Justin Jones]] to the [[Tennessee]] [[House of Representatives]] on an interim basis, overriding the normal four-week waiting period for filling vacancies. (04:57:03) The [[Tennessee]] [[House]] expelled [[Justin Jones]] and [[Justin Pearson]], who are [[Black]], but did not expel [[Gloria Johnson]], a white representative who participated in the same protest. (05:41:75) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] attacked [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] and [[Laura Loomer]] on [[Twitter]] on Good Friday, calling [[Fuentes]] a "weirdo" and an "alleged federal informant." (08:29:77) [[The New York Times]] published a story reporting that [[Donald Trump]] wanted to hire [[Laura Loomer]] for his campaign. (09:06:37) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] stated it would be a "terrible mistake" for [[Donald Trump]] to hire [[Laura Loomer]] and called [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] a "weirdo" and an "alleged federal informant." (10:29:89) [[The New York Times]] reported that federal prosecutors considered charging [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] with conspiracy related to the [[January 6th Attack|January 6th]] Capitol riot but declined to do so. (11:46:85) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]]'s first act after being elected to [[Congress]] was to apologize for her past controversial statements, despite previously vowing she would "never apologize." (12:16:11) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] compared COVID-19 mask and vaccine mandates to the Holocaust, stating anti-vaxxers were being treated like [[Jews]] during that period. (12:56:71) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] visited the [[United States|U.S]]. Holocaust Memorial Museum a week after her Holocaust comparison comments, stating she wanted to "get educated." (13:32:69) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]], who had previously called for impeaching [[Mike Johnson|Kevin McCarthy]], was the first to support him for [[Mike Johnson|Speaker of the House]] after the 2022 midterms. (13:47:29) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] endorsed [[Laura Loomer]] for [[Congress]] in 2020 but later opposed her, influenced by [[Karen Giorno]]. (14:09:73) [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] spoke at [[AFPAC|AFPAC 3]], an event hosted by [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]], but later claimed she did not know who he was when criticized by the media. (15:33:43) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] hosted 1,200 attendees at his [[AFPAC|AFPAC 3]] event, where [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] appeared as a surprise guest. (17:01:61) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he invited [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]] to [[AFPAC|AFPAC 3]] to gain credibility for his movement and was only willing to be "polite and cordial" with her. (18:19:57) [[Donald Trump]]'s inner circle included [[Jason Miller]], [[Rick Grenell]], [[Steve Bannon]], and [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]], according to [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]. (19:19:69) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] appeared on an interview with [[Pearl Davis|Pearl]] in [[London]] where he denied the Holocaust and the Holodomor and made statements against interracial marriage. (19:53:05) [[Pearl Davis|Pearl]] was criticized in an interview with two [[United Kingdom|British]] [[Jewish]] hosts for having [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] on her show, but she defended her decision by stating she believes in letting people talk. (21:53:83) [[Destiny]] and the podcast [[No Jumper]] frequently criticize interviewers for not providing sufficient pushback against controversial guests like [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]]. (24:36:64) The hosts of the podcast "Trigger Warning," who identify as [[Jewish]], stated they would "never have [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] on the show," calling him a "Holocaust-denying piece of shit." (25:36:64) [[Sam Harris]] attacked [[Lex Fridman]] for his interview with [[Kanye West]], criticizing Fridman for not pushing back harder on [[Kanye West]]'s comments about [[Jews]]. (26:56:76) During [[Lex Fridman]]'s interview with [[Kanye West]], [[Kanye West]] stated "it's the [[Jews]]," to which Fridman responded by emphasizing the individuality of [[Jews|Jewish people]]. (28:55:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] observed that [[Jewish]] intellectuals like [[Sam Harris]] and [[Lex Fridman]] become emotionally agitated and lose their composure when the topic of [[Jewish]] influence is raised. (29:27:90) [[Pearl Davis|Pearl]] planned to release a major video collaboration with [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] on the Wednesday following this broadcast. (29:33:30) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced he would not host his show on Thursday or Friday of that week, as he would be traveling for a collaboration. (33:13:66) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced forthcoming collaborations with [[Adam22]], [[Pearl Davis|Pearl]], and [[Sneako]], and noted that [[Jon Zherka]] was promoting him. (34:51:38) The [[Tennessee]] [[House of Representatives]] expelled [[Justin Jones]] and [[Justin Pearson]] for leading a protest on the chamber floor with a megaphone and bringing outside protesters into the capitol building after the Covenant School shooting. (37:18:36) The [[Nashville]] Metropolitan Council reinstated [[Justin Jones]] to the [[Tennessee]] [[House of Representatives]] just days after his expulsion, appointing him on an interim basis until a special election. (39:14:06) The Shelby County Commission planned to meet to discuss reappointing [[Justin Pearson]] to the [[Tennessee]] [[House of Representatives]] after his expulsion. (42:13:60) [[Donald Trump]] and [[Senate]] [[Republican Party|Republicans]] prioritized confirming [[Amy Coney Barrett]] to the [[Supreme Court]] over passing a COVID-19 stimulus bill before the 2020 election. (42:52:40) [[Amy Coney Barrett]] recused herself from an early [[Supreme Court]] case concerning election laws in [[Commonwealth of Pennsylvania|Pennsylvania]] or [[North Carolina]] shortly after her confirmation. (44:45:82) [[Ron DeSantis]] responded to [[Donald Trump]]'s indictment by the [[Manhattan]] District Attorney by making a dismissive comment about "porn stars." (48:50:82) [[Joe Biden]] considered expanding the number of seats on the [[Supreme Court of the United States]] after taking office, a move often referred to as "court packing." (52:07:52) [[Joe Biden]] signed [[House]] Joint Resolution 7, a [[Republican Party|Republican]]-proposed bill drafted by [[Paul Gosar]], to end the COVID-19 national emergency, despite initial [[Democratic Party|Democratic]] objections. (54:12:18) [[Joe Biden]] ended the 20-year war in [[Afghanistan]] in August 2021, ordering a full withdrawal despite terrorist attacks at the Kabul airport and the Taliban's takeover. (55:07:10) The [[Supreme Court of the United States]] overturned *Roe v. Wade* in June 2022, ending the federal constitutional right to abortion during [[Joe Biden]]'s presidency. (55:48:22) [[Joe Biden]] provided an open-ended, unlimited defense guarantee to [[Ukraine]] following [[Russia]]'s invasion in February 2022, a move [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued eroded [[United States|American]] hegemony. (56:07:68) [[Government of France|France]] began discussing "strategic autonomy" from the [[United States]], and [[Brazil]], [[Saudi Arabia]], and [[India]] started conducting trade with [[China]] in yuan instead of [[United States|U.S]]. dollars. (57:45:40) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] argued that a primary reason the political right harbors animosity toward [[Barack Obama]] and [[Joe Biden]] is due to their perceived lack of support for [[Israel]]. (58:08:24) [[Barack Obama]] sought a "reset" in relations with [[Russia]] early in his presidency, sending [[Secretary of State]] [[Hillary Clinton]] to meet with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. (58:19:48) [[Barack Obama]] refused to send lethal aid to [[Ukraine]] during his administration and allowed the [[United Nations Security Council]] to pass a resolution condemning [[Israel]]i settlements. (59:00:02) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] asserted that both [[Donald Trump]] and [[Joe Biden]] are influenced by [[Jewish]] advisors, citing [[Jared Kushner]] for [[Trump]] and numerous [[Jewish]] cabinet members for [[Joe Biden|Biden]]. (01:01:06:90) [[Joe Biden]] did not fully support [[Benjamin Netanyahu|Bibi]] during a period of tension the previous week, which [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] claimed triggered the most intense anti-[[Joe Biden|Biden]] sentiment from his critics. (01:01:34:62) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] debated [[Alex Jones]] on [[Alex Jones|InfoWars]], arguing that [[Alex Jones|Jones]] focused on conspiracies about the [[Bilderberg Group]] and [[Klaus Schwab]] while ignoring the influence of what [[Fuentes]] called the "[[Jewish]] mafia." (01:03:06:84) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] acknowledged that some conspiracy theories, such as flat [[Earth]], chemtrails, and QAnon narratives, are counterproductive to building a serious populist movement. (01:05:05:57) [[Apple Inc.|Apple]] and [[Google]] implemented Bluetooth-based contact tracing systems into their mobile operating systems during the COVID-19 pandemic, creating a permanent infrastructure for proximity tracking.

### AF 2022-05-18 0996
(05:20:920) [[Russian]] Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described current [[United States]] policy towards [[Russia]] as a "total hybrid war," a significant escalation in rhetoric.

### AF 2022-05-18 0996
(33:38:390) [[Russian]] Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov stated that the collective [[Kanye West|West]] had declared a "total hybrid war" on [[Russia]], which [[Moscow]] had accepted.

### AF 2022-05-18 0996
(34:24:510) Sergey Lavrov outlined [[Russia]]'s strategy to cushion economic sanctions by forging deeper partnerships with [[China]], [[India]], and other non-Western nations.

### AF 2022-05-18 0996
(35:12:410) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] agreed with Sergey Lavrov's "hybrid war" characterization, arguing the [[United States]] was waging total economic war and pursuing regime change against [[Vladimir Putin]] without a formal declaration.

### AF 2022-05-17 0993
(00:22:24) [[Russian]] Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described [[United States]] policy towards [[Russia]] as a "total hybrid war," a characterization [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] endorsed as an accurate description of the economic and proxy conflict following the invasion of [[Ukraine]].

### AF 2022-05-17 0993
(00:33:36) Sergey Lavrov stated that [[Russia]] would withstand Western sanctions by forging deeper economic partnerships with [[China]] and [[India]].

### AF 2022-03-10 0955
(00:35:40) The existence of [[United States|U.S]].-linked biological laboratories in [[Ukraine]] was confirmed by Sergey Lavrov, in a [[U.S. Senate]] hearing, and by leaked reports from the [[Joe Biden|White House]] website.

### AF 2022-03-08 0954
(58:05:00) [[Hillary Clinton]], as [[Secretary of State]], initiated a "[[Russian]] reset" with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, and [[George W. Bush]] said he looked into [[Vladimir Putin]]'s eyes and saw his soul, reflecting a period of attempted partnership.

### AF 2021-06-03 0822
(00:30:16) [[Russian]] Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov stated that [[Vladimir Putin]] was prepared to discuss the persecution of [[January 6th Attack|January 6th]] [[United States Capitol|Capitol]] rioters as a human rights issue in his upcoming meeting with [[Joe Biden]].

### AF 2020-12-18 0736
(02:08:50) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated that in a 2014 [[Northwestern University]] [[United Nations|Model UN]] conference, he represented [[Russian]] Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in a crisis committee and proposed a strategy of funding far-right parties in [[Europe]] and the [[United States]] to break apart [[North Atlantic Treaty Organization|NATO]].

### AF 2019-12-18 0516
(02:11:27) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he represented Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of [[Russia]], in a 2014 Northwestern [[United Nations|Model UN]] crisis cabinet.

### AF 2019-12-18 0516
(02:12:22) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] recounted that his strategy as Sergey Lavrov in 2014 was to fund far-right parties throughout [[Europe]] and the [[United States]] to break apart [[North Atlantic Treaty Organization|NATO]], which he said anticipated the politics of 2020.

### AF 2019-10-10 0475
(00:25:09) Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of [[Russia]], announced that [[Russia]] would urge Kurdish leaders in northern [[Syria]] to open talks with the regime of [[Bashar al-Assad]].
