# Yuma Regional Medical Center
#organization

### AF 2023-11-28 1252
(00:29:58) An Algerian immigrant stabbed three children and two adults in [[Dublin]], leading to major riots in the [[city]]. (00:33:68) The [[Irish government]] responded to the riots by proposing some of the strictest hate speech laws in the world, which would criminalize possessing material likely to incite hatred against protected characteristics. (00:46:04) Following the stabbing and riots, the [[Irish government]] pushed forward an anti-hate speech law that critics argued could imprison people for possessing memes or political pamphlets critical of mass migration. (01:02:15) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] announced a scheduled stream with [[Richard Spencer]] for Wednesday, marking their first lengthy conversation in approximately five years. (01:05:28) [[Nicholas J. Fuentes]] stated he would be live streaming the debate between [[Ron DeSantis]] and [[Gavin Newsom]] on Thursday. (01:08:46) A report from the [[U.S. Congress|United States House of Representatives]] [[Republican Party|Republican]] committee, citing data from the [[Federation for American Immigration Reform]] and [[Yale Law School|Yale University]], estimated that 3.8 million illegal immigrants who entered the [[United States]] since 2021 could cost taxpayers up to $451 billion annually in care and housing. (01:09:14) The same [[U.S. Congress|United States House of Representatives]] [[Republican Party|Republican]] committee report found that federal, state, and local costs for all illegal immigration amount to $182 billion annually, with immigrants offsetting only $31 billion in tax revenue, resulting in a net annual cost of $150 billion. (01:22:08) [[Eric Adams|Mayor Eric Adams]] of [[New York|New York City]] stated in August that total migrant costs for the [[city]] would reach $12 billion over the next three years. (01:28:46) The chief executive officer of Yuma Regional Medical Center in [[Arizona]] testified to the [[U.S. Congress|United States House of Representatives]] committee in February that migrants often require triple the resources and many arrive with significant, untreated chronic diseases. (01:28:86) The [[Federation for American Immigration Reform]] estimated that education costs for at least 3.8 million illegal immigrants with limited English proficiency total $60 billion.

