# Zalmay Khalilzad
#person

### AF 2019-08-01 0432
(00:59:40) The [[United States]] government was negotiating a potential peace deal with the [[Afghanistan|Taliban]] that could lead to a withdrawal of [[United States|American]] troops from [[Afghanistan]]. (01:51:28) A proposed agreement would reduce [[United States|U.S]]. troop levels in [[Afghanistan]] from 14,000 to between 8,000 and 9,000. (02:14:44) When [[Donald Trump]] took office, there were approximately 7,000 [[United States|American]] troops in [[Afghanistan]]. (03:24:28) [[Donald Trump]] announced via [[Twitter]] that he was considering imposing an additional 10% tariff on $300 billion worth of [[China|Chinese]] imports, effective September 1st. (03:54:72) [[North Korea]] conducted its third missile test in two weeks, an action linked to the broader trade calculus with [[China]]. (04:19:16) [[Darren Beattie]], a former [[White House]] speechwriter, was fired after [[Warner Bros. Discovery|CNN]] reported on his attendance at the H.L. Mencken Club conference, which had previously hosted figures like [[Richard Spencer]] and [[Peter Brimelow]]. (05:05:96) [[Darren Beattie]] gave a speech at a symposium for a privately funded border wall project where [[Steven Crowder|Steve Bannon]] was also present. (05:20:72) In a 2018 song, rapper [[ASAP Rocky]] included lyrics calling [[Donald Trump]] an "a-hole," saying "F him," and expressing a desire for his assassination similar to [[John F. Kennedy|JFK]]. (05:37:04) [[ASAP Rocky]], a [[black]] rapper, was being held in [[Sweden]] on trial for assault. (05:49:44) [[Donald Trump]] sent the top hostage negotiator from the [[United States]] [[U.S. Department of State|State Department]] to [[Sweden]] to negotiate [[ASAP Rocky]]'s release. (06:13:20) [[Donald Trump]] and supporters like [[Jack Posobiec]] and [[Wilt Chamberlain|Will Chamberlain]] advocated for [[ASAP Rocky]]'s release in an effort to curry favor with [[black]] voters. (12:45:40) [[Donald Trump]] sent an envoy to monitor [[ASAP Rocky]]'s court case in [[Sweden]] and had previously spoken with Sweden's prime minister about securing his release. (13:08:82) [[Donald Trump]] had been tweeting about the [[ASAP Rocky]] case. (21:57:18) In a tweet, [[Donald Trump]] stated that [[China]] had not stopped the sale of fentanyl to the [[United States]] as promised by President [[Xi Jinping]]. (22:21:32) [[Donald Trump]]'s proposed tariffs would not include the $250 billion in [[China|Chinese]] goods already subject to a 25% tariff. (23:37:14) [[Ben Shapiro]] was among the free-market commentators [[who]] argued that tariffs are bad for the economy because costs are passed on to consumers. (30:49:70) In 2017 or early 2018, [[Donald Trump]] eased trade pressure on [[China]] with the expectation that [[China]] would help the [[United States]] with the [[North Korea]] threat. (32:57:90) [[Donald Trump]] downplayed [[North Korea]]'s recent short-range missile tests, calling them "very standard." (33:52:88) [[Charles Krauthammer]] advocated for a foreign policy of [[democratic]] realism, which involved invading countries to make them democracies. (37:32:10) [[William Jefferson Clinton|Bill Clinton]]'s administration ignored the nuclear proliferation of countries like [[North Korea]], [[Pakistan]], [[India]], and [[Iran]]. (37:35:64) [[George W. Bush]] invaded countries on false pretenses, an action described as being in the service of [[Israel]]. (37:43:88) The [[Barack Obama]] administration's nuclear deal with [[Iran]] was criticized for allowing [[Iran]] to eventually obtain a nuclear arsenal and providing economic stimulus that strengthened its regional influence. (38:52:38) The [[Donald Trump|Trump administration]] had undertaken eight rounds of negotiations with the [[Afghanistan|Taliban]], led by envoy Zalmay Khalilzad, the former [[United States|U.S]]. ambassador to [[City of Kabul|Kabul]]. (39:59:30) A proposed agreement with the [[Afghanistan|Taliban]] would require the group to broker a peace deal directly with the [[Afghanistan|Afghan]] government and give assurances that [[Afghanistan]] would not be used as a launch pad for international terror attacks. (40:30:32) The [[United States]] had lost more than 2,400 soldiers and spent over $900 billion during the war in [[Afghanistan]]. (46:40:90) In December, [[Donald Trump]] announced the withdrawal of all [[United States|U.S]]. troops from [[Syria]] within 30 days, but seven months later, troops remained. (47:14:18) During the [[Democratic Party|Democratic]] primary debates, candidates frequently stated a need to end the "forever wars" and bring troops home from [[Afghanistan]] and [[Iraq]].

